the formal accession was marked with a ceremony at the hague, where the court is based. as members of the court, Palestinians may be subject to counter-charges as well.
a stray dog in Washington state has used up at least three of her own lives. she was hit by a car, apparently whacked on the head with a hammer and then buried in a field. four days after her apparent death, the dog managed to stagger to a nearby farm.
"long live Zarif," crowds chanted as his car rolled slowly down the packed street. "iran never denied it," Zarif tweeted in 2013 referring to the Jewish new year. he was outside the country during the demonstrations against the shah in 1977.
five americans who were exposed to Ebola in west africa have been released. one of the five had a heart-related issue on Saturday and has been discharged. they were exposed to Ebola in Sierra Leone in march, but none developed the deadly virus.
a student has admitted to hanging a noose made of rope from a tree near a student union. the incident is one of several recent racist events to affect college students.
Trey Moses, a star on eastern high school's basketball team, asked his girlfriend to be his date. "she's great... she listens and she's easy to talk to," he said. "that's the kind of person Trey is," a teacher said.
amnesty's annual report catalogs the use of state-sanctioned killing as a punitive measure. at least 607 people were executed around the world in 2014, compared to 778 in 2013. at least 2,466 people globally are confirmed to have been handed the sentence last year.
the coroner's preliminary assessment is there was no foul play involved in the death of andrew getty. he had "several health issues," a police spokesman says.
tropical storm maysak is centered 200 miles southwest of Aurora province. it's expected to make landfall Sunday morning on the southeastern coast of Isabela province.
Bob barker hosted "the price is right" for the first time in eight years. he hosted the game show for 35 years before stepping down in 2007.
a 19-year-old man was charged with terror offenses after he was arrested as he returned to Britain from turkey. Yahya Rashid, a UK national from northwest london, was detained at Luton airport on Tuesday.
"he was a person of humility, integrity, and compassion," says military veteran Kyle upham. "he will always be someone very special to us," says upham. there are scenes that will resonate with the audience, including the ending.
researchers re-examined archives of the red cross, the international training service and the bergen-belsen memorial. they concluded that Anne and her older sister, margot, probably did not survive to march 1945. typhus is an infectious disease caused by lice that breaks out in places with poor hygiene.
john avlon: Pence's decision to sign a religious freedom law was his way of shoring up his street cred. avlon: if a conservative can get through the pending primary without denouncing LGBT rights, it will turn numerous americans into single-issue voters.
mötley crüe's Vince Neil reminded us again of the dangers of tackling the national anthem. there's less carnage when butchers are done with their work.
Walmart's opposition to a religious freedom law in its home state of Arkansas emerged victorious on Wednesday. former minnesota governor: "the Republican party will have to better stand for" ideas on helping the middle class.
a sharp spike in death sentences recorded in 2014 can also be attributed to governments using the death penalty as a political tool. amnesty international releases its annual review of the death penalty worldwide. governments are resorting to more executions in a knee-jerk reaction to terrorism.
prosecutor says he is not aware of any video footage from on board the plane. two magazines reported that a cell phone video was recovered from the wreckage site. a french gendarmerie spokesman says the reports are "completely wrong"
"my father-in-law passed away peacefully early this morning," his daughter-in-law says. he had been diagnosed with esophageal cancer in august 2013, a release from "hour of power" said.
former rep. michelle Bachmann compared president obama to the co-pilot of the doomed germanwings flight. "with his Iran deal, Barack Obama is for the 300 million souls of the united states," she wrote.
louis jordan, 37, was lost at sea for more than two months. he was drifting on a 35-foot sailboat when a storm capsized it. his father says he was expecting his son to look different.
the u.s. and its negotiating partners reached a very strong framework agreement with Iran. it limits Iran's nuclear program in such a way as to effectively block it from building a nuclear weapon.
in 2014, one expert predicted consumers would pay more for some groceries because of the drought. berries rose in price by about 80 cents per clamshell to $3.88. grapes rose in price by 64 cents a pound to $3.06.
a 30-year-old woman is charged with trying to travel overseas to fight for ISIS. she's one of three women arrested this week on terror charges. two new york women were also taken into custody.
a top Iranian sports official says the ban will be lifted for some events in the next year. but it isn't clear exactly which games women will be able to attend. the ban was imposed after the 1979 Islamic revolution.
online activity has fully emerged as the alternative to traditional mainstream media. going online has become the path of least resistance if you want to make yourself heard. but it still brings resistance, some of it legal, some of it deadly.
Avril lavigne says she was bedridden for five months after contracting Lyme disease. "i felt like I couldn't breathe, I couldn't talk, and I couldn't move," she tells people magazine.
former boxer michael tyson lived in a gaudy, abandoned mansion in ohio. the tallest and fastest "giga-coaster" in the world can be found at carowinds amusement part. a shepherd witnessed the final seconds of germanwings flight 9525, which crashed last week.
"stand firm, ratcheting up the pressure until you get a better deal," Netanyahu says. a top democrat says Netanyahu needs to "contain himself" a top republican says almost any of Obama's successors "could do better"
"if a gay couple was to come and they wanted us to bring pizzas to their wedding, we'd have to say no," owner says. critics say the new law would allow businesses to discriminate against gays and lesbians. supporters rally and donate more than $842,000 for the business.
police in the western state of Maharashtra are requiring residents to take a'mugshot' of their cattle and submit it to the police. the ruling comes in the wake of a recent case of cow slaughter in the city, where two men have been charged for killing the animal and and selling its meat.
miracles do happen -- and not just in movies. many stranded sailor stories end with a sailor dying at sea.
the world's biggest and most powerful physics experiment is ready for action. the large hadron collider is ready for action following a two-year shutdown. the machine alone costs approximately three billion dollars.
FBI agents and task force officers chased an armed robbery suspect. the suspect was shot and wounded, but his injuries are not life threatening. the suspect is suspected of involvement in 32 commercial robberies dating to 2013.
the moon began moving into Earth's shadow at 3:16 a.m. pacific daylight time. the shadow will move across the moon and engulf it at 4:58 a.m. pacific time.
al-shabaab has claimed an attack on garissa university college in eastern Kenya. the attack is another step in the ongoing escalation of the terrorist group's activities. al-shabaab has been behind a string of recent attacks in Kenya.
Easter is a cornerstone event in the Christian faith, but it's surrounded by interesting quirks. like christmas, it doesn't fall on the same day every year but shifts around in spring. here's a journey from the Vatican to the Holy Land, around the moon and the earth's tilting axis.
the NCAA says it has no legal responsibility to make sure education is delivered. the response comes in response to a lawsuit filed by former university of north carolina athletes.
a judge denied a motion to let the teen, identified in court documents as "cassandra C.," go home. the judge also denied a motion for visitation. the 17-year-old is in remission after nearly six months of forced chemo treatments.
"Uptown Funk!," featuring Bruno mars, is the longest-leading billboard hot 100 of the 2010s. it's also just the 10th single in the chart's entire history to spend at least 13 weeks at no. 1.
the temperature was recorded at Argentina's Esperanza base on the northern tip of the Antarctica peninsula. the temperature was possibly the highest ever recorded on Antarctica.
Indiana's new religious freedom restoration act faces a firestorm from critics who say it uses faith as a pretext to discriminate against gay people. so far, 20 states have some version of the religious liberty law.
Robert Lewis Burns Jr., the original drummer in southern rock band Lynyrd skynyrd, died in a car crash. "he was not restrained at the time of the crash," a state patrol spokesman says.
u.s. ambassador mark lippert was stabbed in the face and jaw last month. lippert suffered a gash from his right cheekbone to his lower jaw that required 80 stitches. lippert also suffered five cuts in his left arm and hand.
a former banker, 29-year-old Rurik jutting, was charged with two counts of murder. police say he called them to an apartment in the middle of an inner-city suburb. he found a woman lying on the floor with cuts to her neck and buttocks.
Thai smile, a subsidiary of Thailand flag carrier Thai Airways, on Thursday unveiled colorful new livery. the livery features Jake, Finn and the beloved princess bubblegum sprawled across an airbus A320 at Bangkok's suvarnabhumi international airport.
prisoner formerly known as Bradley Manning appears to have joined twitter this week. she is serving a 35-year prison sentence for leaking thousands of classified documents.
president obama tied himself to the mast of a nuclear deal with Iran even before he became the democratic candidate for president. aaron miller: reaching a good, solid agreement with Iran is a worthy, desirable goal.
"Furious 7" continues to build momentum at the weekend box office for a weekend debut in the $135 million-$138 million range. "Furious 7" earned a record-breaking $60 million internationally on Wednesday and Thursday for a possible worldwide debut approaching or crossing $300 million by the end of Easter Sunday. "Furious 7" is getting the widest release in Universal's history.
NFL legend deion Sanders called out his son on twitter for saying he only eats "hood doughnuts" "you're a Huxtable with a million $ trust fund. stop the hood stuff!" he tweeted.
university of virginia fraternity to sue for defamation after article about alleged gang rape. dean obeidallah: can UVA, Phi Kappa Psi or any of the other fraternities sue for defamation?
"partnership certificates" for same-sex couples will allow them some of the rights of married heterosexual couples. the certificates will not be issued until later in the summer and are not legally binding. proponents of marriage equality in socially conservative japan say that the ward's decision is a step in the right direction.
blue bell temporarily shuts down one of its manufacturing plants over listeria contamination. listeria monocytogenes was recently found in a cup of ice cream recovered from a kansas hospital.
former wrestler-turned-lawmaker Antonio inoki has appeared in the u.s.-based WWE. defense minister says his jets have never encountered an extraterrestrial unidentified flying object. inoki reportedly converted to Islam in the 1990s, although he says he practices both Islam and Buddhism.
the coalition smashed parts of Yemen's defense ministry central command in the capital. the electricity has gone out on 16 million Yemenis living in Houthi-held areas.
"twin peaks" director David Lynch has confirmed he will no longer direct the revival. "twin peaks" is a cult 1990s television series that was set to return in 2016. the groundbreaking series is considered one of the most influential shows in television history.
"when I realized how this could be perceived i immediately called big frank to apologize and let him know I didn't mean any disrespect," he tweeted. "we had a good conversation. [i wished him] good luck in the championship game Monday," he said.
FBI confirms that one of its most wanted terrorists, the Malaysian bomb maker known as marwan, was killed in an otherwise disastrous raid in the Philippines in January. marwan, whose real name is zulkifli bin hir, was believed by the FBI to a member of southeast Asian terror group jemaah Islamiyah's central command.
a family of four from Delaware fell ill at a rented villa in the u.s. virgin islands. methyl bromide, a pesticide, was found in the unit where the family stayed. the u.s. environmental protection agency is investigating.
comedian rock documents three traffic stops in seven weeks. "stopped by the cops again wish me luck," he tweets.
six people were hurt after an explosion at a chemical plant in china's southeastern Fujian province sparked a huge fire. the plant produces paraxylene (PX), a reportedly carcinogenic chemical used in the production of polyester films and fabrics.
a 15-count indictment filed in federal court in california bristles with accusations of conspiracies. dean obeidallah: FedEx, the courier delivery service, maintains that it is innocent.
Wahlberg will star in a film about the Boston marathon bombing and the manhunt that followed. the film, to be titled "Patriots' day," is being produced by CBS Films.
model manuela arbelaez accidentally revealed the correct answer to a guessing game for a new Hyundai sonata. "congratulations! Manuela just gave you a car!" host Drew carey exulted.
authorities identified and charged a man in connection with the discovery of human remains in a duffel bag. the remains belonged to the same victim, identified Monday as Jonathan camilien, 26.
"arrested development" executive producer Brian Grazer said the show will return for a fifth season. the fourth season was streamed exclusively on Netflix in 2013.
"mad men" has become part of the national fabric, if never a huge ratings hit. the show about a 1960s advertising agency has become a symbol of the times. it's reasonable to assume the new season will pick up soon afterward.
"i got kidnapped, killed, resurrected, tortured, cursed, body-snatched," Nina dobrev says. "i feel angry, sad, depressed, numb," twitter user iDamonAndElena says. "we will miss Nina and the four hundred characters she played," producer says.
four employees of a popular Indian ethnic-wear chain have been arrested. education minister spotted a surveillance camera pointed at the changing room. officials from FabIndia are heading to goa to work with investigators.
the group included four children -- the oldest being 10 or 11, with the youngest born in 2013, a Turkish official says. the nine were arrested at the turkey-syria border, the Turkish military says.
"the submarine is in a dry dock," state-run news agency ITAR-Tass reports. "the rubber insulation between the submarine's light and pressure hull is on fire," it says.
Kayahan, one of turkey's best-loved singers and songwriters, died of cancer. he was first diagnosed with cancer in 1990, the year he competed in the Eurovision song contest.
prosecutors charge former security czar with accepting bribes, abuse of power. he is the highest-ranking member of the ruling communist party ever to face corruption charges. he was one of nine men who effectively ruled the country of more than 1.3 billion people.
money was a concern for the first-century evangelists on an itinerant mission. in the new testament, money gets 37 mentions, while "gold" gets 38 citations. "i imagine the ministry functioned at a subsistence level"
three people were killed and five others were wounded when a group of armed assailants stormed into the attorney general's office in balkh province, northern Afghanistan. an exchange of fire between Afghan security forces and the assailants is ongoing.
roxanne jones: it's unfathomable that a politician from my own state is attempting to launch his presidential campaign on a record that includes questioning landmark voting rights and civil rights legislation. jones: the problem for the republican party at large is that they don't back up their words with their policies.
french-language global television network regains control of one of its 11 channels. outage began around 8:45 p.m. Paris time (2:45 p.m. et) on Wednesday.
"for them to take a cat and ship him like he was cargo, not a live animal, makes me sick," says Jennifer Stewart. the 2-year-old pet cat went missing after a flight from the united arab Emirates to new york.
two of the nation's highest-profile court trials are coming to a close on tuesday. a jury in fall river, massachusetts, will decide if former new england patriot Aaron Hernandez is culpable in the shooting death of semi-pro player Odin Lloyd. in a surprise runoff in chicago, mayor Rahm emanuel will face challenger Jesus "Chuy" garcia.
the blaze began shortly before 7 a.m. at the general electric appliance park in Louisville. video showed both smoke and bright orange flames.
Ted Cruz hit the trail in Iowa for the first time as a presidential candidate. he's counting on Iowa, known for its vocal and active evangelical base, to propel him forward.
the hashtag #147notjustanumber is a reference to the number of people killed at garissa university. the attack in Kenya was the nation's deadliest since the bombing of the u.s. embassy in 1998.
a record $1.6 billion penalty is ordered against PG&E for unsafe operation of its gas transmission system. of the penalty, $850 million will go to "gas transmission pipeline safety infrastructure improvements" another $50 million will go toward "other remedies to enhance pipeline safety"
jurors found dzhokhar tsarnaev guilty of all 30 counts he faced in the marathon bombing trial. the trial will now move into a penalty phase, where the jury will decide if he will be executed.
45 workers were injured in the blaze, state oil company pemex says. 300 people were evacuated from the platform.
Easter is unique on the Christian calendar, a major point in the cycle of the religious year. why do Christians make so much of this springtime week and make so much of Easter weekend?
the miniature aircraft will be fitted with a camera and pepper spray. each drone costs between $9,560 and $19,300.
a female employee accused a supervisor of assault after he made sexual advances at her. xavier morales, a supervisor within the agency, was placed on administrative leave and his security clearance was suspended.
investigators have collected all the main evidence from the site where germanwings flight 9525 crashed, police say. the plane crashed march 24 in rugged terrain of the Alps about 6 miles (10 kilometers) from the town of seyne-les-Alpes.
"lost" fans know that April 8 was also "rex Manning day" but don't forget, it's also "titanic" day. "mean girls day" is officially October 3.
next year marks the band's 40th anniversary. "it's official: farewell," singer dee snider posted on facebook.
"Grace of Monaco," starring Nicole kidman, will premiere on lifetime on may 25. the film opened last year's Cannes Film Festival. it was originally scheduled for release in late 2013.
one person dies as a tornado rips through rural illinois. a video surfaced on YouTube of a massive twister barreling across an open field.
officer michael slager is charged with murder in the death of 50-year-old Walter Scott. a bystander's cell phone video shows the five-year police veteran shooting at Scott eight times.
"i told you, don't fight with me," west tells photographer after scuffle. "i told you, don't talk to me, right," west tells photographer. "celebrities are not above the law," lawyer for photographer says.
don McLean's "american pie" is 44 years old. the song is a hybrid of modern poetry and folk ballad, beer-hall chant and high-art rock. Christie's sold the 16-page handwritten manuscript of the song's lyrics for $1.2 million.
Marykay letourneau fualaau began an affair with her 13-year-old student in 1996. she served more than seven years in prison on charges related to their sexual relationship. the couple wed soon after she was released from prison in 2005.
the lyrics to "american pie" sold for $1.2 million at an auction held by Christie's. "i'm going to be 70 this year," the singer and songwriter said in February. "american pie" has become one of the most dissected and argued-about songs in the pop music canon.
vijay chokalingam applied to medical school claiming to be african-american. he received invitations for in-person interviews at 11 schools under his childhood nickname "JoJo" he says he wanted to illustrate the unfair advantage that blacks receive.
"i've been so happy with my (Scientology) experience in the last 40 years," Travolta said. the actor is premiering his new film, "the forger," in clearwater, florida.
"everybody that played a part in sending me to death row, you will answer to God," hinton says. he was convicted of murder in the 1985 deaths of two Birmingham-area, fast-food restaurant managers. a new trial was ordered in 2014 after firearms experts testified 12 years earlier.
"i'm feeling much better and am leaving the hospital today," B.B. King says. his dehydration was caused by his type II diabetes. "he wasn't going to let his fans down," his publicist says.
a giraffe at the Dallas zoo gave birth to a baby girl early friday evening. there was no immediate word on the newborn's gender or condition.
official: u.s. is "not putting a timeframe on" a possible invasion of iraq. up to 25,000 troops were expected to return to the key northern Iraqi city in April or May. officials insist that ISIS has been degraded substantially thanks to air power and ground combat.
"game of thrones" returns for a fifth season on sunday. the premiere will air simultaneously in 170 countries for the first time. executive producer: "wars are waged by the nobles, but it's the common folk who suffer"
a popular tv host was caught on camera cursing the late chairman mao zedong. Bi Fujian works for state-run china central television. "don't mention that old son of a b***h. He made us suffer so bad," went Bi's improvised lyrics.
"i'm standing here, stronger than ever, because someone tried to destroy me, and he failed," victim says. jurors find dzhokhar tsarnaev guilty on all 30 counts he faced for the bombings and their aftermath. "i don't believe that there will ever be justice brought to this," victim says.
Dysart also played coach in the original 1972 Broadway production of "that championship season" the acclaimed "l.a. law" aired for eight seasons from 1986 to 1994. Dysart was nominated for the Emmy for outstanding supporting actor in a drama series.
president obama is giving up enormous leverage in his nuclear deal with Iran, says julian zelizer. zelizer: president Obama is giving up enormous leverage in his nuclear deal with Iran.
heads of state from 35 countries in the western hemisphere have met every three years since 1994. some Latin american leaders threatened not to attend the summit if the u.s. and canada didn't agree to invite president Raul Castro.
Martin o'malley and Jim webb shared a stage at the Polk County Democrats awards dinner. both are toying with a presidential run, both are facing long odds in that endeavor.
"the Taliban has a huge leadership problem at a critical political moment," analyst says. the biography is aimed at dispelling rumors of Omar's demise. the reclusive militant is credited with founding the group in the early 1990s.
#UporDown? is the trending question on social media thanks to a photo of a cat coming down some stairs. the picture was apparently uploaded on imgur a few days ago and has caught fire thanks to a post on the website 9gag.com.
"nighttime tornadoes are the most deadly, are the most dangerous," CNN's Chad myers says. a tornado touched down in the small town of potosi, Missouri.
cnn's john sutter talks with one of the pope's newly appointed cardinals. sutter: "there is something about Francis that's reawakened my faith"
Liana barrientos, now 39, is facing two criminal counts of "offering a false instrument for filing in the first degree" in an application for a marriage license, she stated it was her "first and only" marriage.
the shootings were connected, authorities say. the suspect's vehicle was spotted outside the census bureau. a guard was shot at least once in the upper body, a fire department spokesman says.
an amnesty international report is calling for authorities to address the number of attacks on women's rights activists in Afghanistan. the report examines the persecution of activists and other champions of women's rights not only by the Taliban and tribal warlords, but also by government officials.
more than 200 students signed a petition asking the school not to show the movie. some students believed the movie's depiction of the Iraq war reflected negatively on the middle east.
former chairman of software services exporter Satyam Computers Services is jailed. he was also fined $804,000 for his role in what has been dubbed india's biggest corporate scandal in memory. in 2009, the company was at the center of a massive $1.6 billion fraud case.
a 32-year-old man will be arraigned the morning of April 14 for murder. he was arraigned earlier this week on charges of assault and battery causing serious bodily injury.
the collection of the first six "star wars" movies will also include many special features. one focus of the features will be the sound effects of the movies. sound designer Ben burtt explains which animals were used to capture the alien sounds made by the geonosians.
an unarmed Iranian military observation aircraft flew within 50 yards of an armed u.s. navy helicopter. "we think this might have been locally ordered," a u.s. military official said. the incident took place as the u.s. and other world powers meet with Iran in Switzerland.
photographer Johan bavman documented the real-life experience of other fathers taking full advantage of Sweden's extraordinary parental leave program. only 12% of Swedish couples equally share the 480 days of leave, bavman said.
judge rules that Craig Hicks' case is "death penalty qualified" the 46-year-old is charged in the deaths of three Muslim college students.
season 2 of "true detective" premieres on july 21. the first season starred matthew McConaughey and woody harrelson.
"nothing holds me back from living my life and chasing my dreams," she said. "nothing holds me back from living my life and chasing my dreams," she said.
Indiana's Chris copeland was stabbed after leaving a trendy new york nightclub. two Atlanta Hawks -- who had just finished a home game hours before the incident -- were among those arrested.
"i've seen it before," the former governor of Maryland and possible presidential contender said. he said that although Clinton is an "eminently qualified candidate," the democratic party is full of "good leaders"
the 40-year-old rapper is charged with felony possession of drugs. he shot to fame 15 years ago with the track "country grammar" a state trooper stopped the bus because it wasn't displaying stickers.
police officers accompanied the hearse carrying the body of Walter Scott. the father of four was fatally shot in the back by a police officer. "there is going to be change," the head of the church says.
a 2012 small arms survey says gender-based violence is at epidemic levels in Guatemala. nearly 10 out of every 100,000 women are killed there, according to the u.n. two women are killed there every day.
julian zelizer: there is ample reason to be excited about Hillary Clinton's run for the presidency. zelizer: if she puts together an effective campaign, she could be unbeatable in the primaries.
"lost river" is Ryan gosling's first feature as director. the film is about a once thriving community now displaced. the title itself alludes to a once thriving community now displaced.
7-Eleven is hosting the first Bring-Your-Own-Cup Slurpee day. customers can fill their "cup" of choice for $1.49, the average cost of a medium Slurpee.
"you're taking me off the airplane because I don't have a doctor's note saying I can fly," a woman says in a video. "i'm being removed as if I'm a criminal or contagious, because I have cancer and no note to fly," she says.
the university of virginia is under investigation over how it handles sexual assault allegations. the school has never expelled a single student for sexual assault.
doj will begin negotiations with the city to restructure the police department. after a half year of protests and activism, change is beginning to come to Ferguson. the report from the DOJ offered a devastating insight into a police department.
the crash took place at the exotic driving experience at wdws speedway. the passenger in the car, 36-year-old Gary Terry, died at the scene.
"with a rope, something that he has, he just jumped on me," Oliver minatel tells CNN. the incident occurred about a half-hour before the flight landed. the man was not restrained for the rest of the trip.
a federal grand jury indicts a millionaire real estate heir with unlawful possession of a firearm. Robert durst, 71, is accused of possessing a.38 caliber revolver, which authorities allegedly found in his hotel room last month.
"this is a treasure trove," says photographer Jeff Gusky. the graffiti dates back almost 100 years. it was found near battlefields near Naours, about 120 miles north of Paris.
the wait for a confirmation vote by the full Senate has lasted longer for her than for any attorney general nominee in recent history. by the time the Senate returns from Easter recess on Monday, it'll have been longer than the eight previous nominees for the job -- combined.
this year is the 20th anniversary of the discovery of a planet around a star like our own sun. astronomers estimate there are perhaps 40 billion Earth-like, habitable-zone planets in our galaxy alone.
prosecutors presented 131 witnesses to support their claim that Hernandez killed semi-pro player Lloyd. on monday, the defense wrapped up its witnesses in less than a day.
'Moving day' is the day after the fat has been cut and the big dogs make their move up -- or occasionally down -- the leader board. a rejuvenated Tiger woods showed touches of his old class mixed with the ragged unpredictability that has marked his new game to finish six under par. a late Justin rose surge where he fired four birdies in a row to finish twelve under and in second place.
the epa says methyl bromide was present in the villa where the family was staying. a father, two sons and their mother fell ill more than two weeks ago in the u.s. virgin islands.
a new york judge recently authorized service of divorce papers on a husband completely via facebook. the ideal and fairest way to notify a person of a lawsuit is to have another human hand the papers to the defendant in person.
the Yarmouk refugee camp is just 6 miles from central damascus. the camp has been largely cut off from aid since November 2013. there have been widespread reports of malnutrition and shortages of medical care.
in the uk burglaries and robberies are often committed by working-class people. many neighborhood criminals commit burglaries to feed drugs habits and acquire long strings of convictions. specialist criminals steal only what they know they can quickly convert to untraceable cash.
"not gonna lie, i shed a few tears at the end of furious 7," one woman says on twitter. "furious 7" earned a record $146 million over the weekend. "see you again" is a collaboration between wiz Khalifa and Charlie puth.
"selena the one" will be "walking, talking, singing and dancing digital embodiment" of her persona. the project is being handled by a Nevada-based tech company. "it's not about replacing Selena in any shape, way or form; it's just something to help her legacy continue growing," sister says.
the CDC has yet to determine what's causing the ailments. the illness has also affected five members of the crew. this is the third time the Celebrity Infinity has suffered an outbreak of gastrointestinal illness.
the original cast of twin peaks has teamed together for a video backing the show's co-creator. they say doing the revival without Lynch is "like pies without cherries"
a judge sentences a former TSA agent to six months in jail for secretly videotaping a female co-worker. police also found that the agent entered the woman's home multiple times, where he took videos and photos.
five young feminists may face up to five years in prison over their campaign for gender equality. they were detained on march 6 and march 7 in three cities -- Beijing, guangzhou and hangzhou. the five were initially held on suspicion of "picking quarrels and provoking trouble" campaign group amnesty international said the new charge was less serious but still carried a maximum jail term of five years.
a section of a fiberglass boat 20 or 30 feet long was spotted off the state's coast this week. the debris is suspected to be from the earthquake and tsunami that hit japan on march 11, 2011.
two college students are accused of gang raping a woman on spring break. the alleged rape took place behind a popular bar and dance club for spring breakers.
"star wars" will be released on digital HD at the end of the week. "dukes of hazzard" fans mourned the loss of actor James best. "vampire diaries" star Nina dobrev is leaving the CW series.
ISIS posted images online that purported to show the storming of the facility. the group said it launched an assault on the Baiji oil refinery late Saturday. Iraqi security officials denied that claim and insisted Iraqi forces remain in full control.
for the first time since 1962, the u.s. has not blocked Cuba's attempt to join the summit of the Americas. with the historic thawing in relations between the u.s. and Cuba, washington now has urgent business to discuss.
"there could be a person in there so we're going to come back around," pilot tells air traffic control. ramp agent told authorities he had fallen asleep.
"this crime has rightly caused outrage both in Nigeria and across the world," president-elect says. the girls were abducted on the night of April 14-15, 2014, in the town of Chibok.
hooded angel with black wings appeared near the spot where Walter Scott was shot and killed. creator Phillip Hyman grew up in the neighborhood where Scott was shot and killed. "art is really about that moment. i just couldn't take it any longer," he said.
a 21-year-old quadriplegic with cerebral palsy was left lying in the woods of Philadelphia's Cobbs Creek park. police say the man's mother left him there and caught a bus to Maryland to see her boyfriend. the man suffered eye problems, dehydration, malnutrition and a cut to the back.
"100 days of rejection" is a project by american-chinese entrepreneur jia jiang. he started the project after his tech start-up was declined investment. the fear of rejection really holds people back, says jiang.
a brood of baby ducks caused a stir on a rainy street in washington. "we've never seen anything like this in the middle of town," correspondent Brian Todd said.
police add attempted murder to the list of charges against mother of quadriplegic man. Nyia parler cannot be extradited until she completes an unspecified "treatment," police say. she left her 21-year-old son in the woods while she hopped a bus to see her boyfriend.
a u.s. RC-135U was flying over the Baltic sea when it was intercepted by a Russian SU-27 Flanker. the u.s. crew believed the Russian pilot's actions were "unsafe and unprofessional"
police: mother of a quadriplegic man in the woods cannot be extradited to face charges in philadelphia. police say she left her 21-year-old son in the woods while she hopped a bus to see her boyfriend. a man walking through the woods found him Friday "lying in leaves, covered in a blanket with a Bible and a wheelchair nearby"
supporters of the measure describe it as a groundbreaking step. opponents warn it is dangerous and among the most restrictive abortion laws in the country. the law does not spell out a specific time frame that limits when an abortion can occur.
Jill (Duggar) Dillard gave birth to a son she and husband derick have named Israel David. the baby was a bit tardy, going past his due date by more than a week.
police say they are looking into whether the suspect is part of a white supremacist gang. the suspect, who has tattoos on his face, fled on a motorcycle after the shooting, police say. he was found sleeping on a beach about 550 miles from goldsboro, police say.
former australia cricket captain and legendary broadcaster richie benaud has died at the age of 84. "after don Bradman, there has been no australian player more famous than richie benaud," cricket australia said.
"newcastle have suffered more Kop beatings over the last 20 years than an unarmed african-american male," tweeted paddy power. the tweet was a pun on the name of the famous home end at Liverpool football club. a paddy power spokesman told CNN: "it was a joke, and no offense was meant"
the migrants were picked up 30 miles off the coast of Libya. at least 480 migrants have died while crossing the Mediterranean since the beginning of the year.
president Barack Obama says he is "absolutely committed" to making sure Israel maintains a military advantage over Iran. his comments come amid criticism from Israeli prime minister Benjamin Netanyahu of the deal that the u.s. and five other world powers struck with Iran.
Cape verde is home to more musicians per square kilometer than any other country in the world. the former Portuguese territory was once a key location for the transatlantic slave trade. the country's ministry of culture is run by popular musician Mario Lucio de sousa.
"Double falsehood," a play first published in 1728 by Lewis theobald, was actually written more than a century earlier by Shakespeare himself with help from his friend John Fletcher. "the match between the 'Double falsehood' play and Shakespeare was a landslide. it was shockingly clear," said Ryan boyd.
so far, the government has frozen 86 accounts, but that number could go up. the government has tracked supporters of the terror group since 2011. of the fatalities, 142 were students at the university, and the rest were security forces and campus security.
"to this day i can't believe that I was capable of doing something that terrible," she says. "i wish there was some way I could take it back," she says.
the fate of five women's rights activists in china will be revealed by April 13. the detentions come in a year in which Beijing would have won praise for its role in promoting women's rights.
a NASA astrophysicist has named an asteroid after education activist malala yousafzai. the asteroid circles the sun between Mars and Jupiter every five and half years.
emy afalava was born in american Samoa, a u.s. territory since 1900. he has been denied the right to vote because the federal government insists he is no citizen.
a total of 30 new confirmed cases of Ebola were reported in the week of April 5. this is the lowest weekly total since may 2014. reports are mixed on stopping the virus completely.
"the solicitation of prostitution threatens the core mission of the department," attorney general says. "the solicitation of prostitution creates a greater demand for human trafficking," he says.
Nashville's district attorney banned prosecutors from offering female sterilization in plea deals. julian zelizer: female sterilization is linked to the controversial "eugenics" movement.
peter bergen: dzhokhar tsarnaev's conviction isn't surprising, but it's important to understand radicalization. he says there's a small but significant minority of Muslims murdering people in terrible ways.
a video shows a white police officer shooting and killing an apparently unarmed black man. john sutter: we don't know when and where police killings take place.
apple released a new version of its mobile operating system that includes more diversity than ever. john sutter: this matters in a digital age where texting is how most people communicate.
sally kohn: if she runs for president, she will be the barometer by which we assess gender equality. kohn: a win would mean a woman in the white house, which is a vital step in the march.
"a.d. the bible continues," 9 p.m. ET Sunday, NBC. "american Odyssey," 10 p.m. Sunday, NBC. "louie," 10:30 Thursday, fx.
the Pentagon released a map this week showing coalition forces have taken back 25-30% of Iraqi territory seized by ISIS. the map shows gains in key central and northern areas of Iraq where the terror group was previously the dominant force.
arsenal beat relegation threatened burnley 1-0 at Turf moor to keep title hopes alive. first placed Chelsea play lowly queens park rangers on sunday. aston villa continue good form with 1-0 win over spurs.
officer michael slager fired eight shots at a man as he fled from police. david perry: if not for the video, this story would be shuttered behind the wall of an active investigation.
david frum: 8 out of 10 american taxpayers get a refund when they file their taxes. frum: the once dreaded tax day has become a happy spending spree for most americans.
Yarmouk was set up as a refugee camp for Palestinians in the 1950s. since 2012 it has been engulfed in the Syrian conflict. of the more than 100,000 that used to live there, only about 18,000 remain.
there were plenty of highlights and misfires from the 2015 MTV Movie Awards. here are the jokes, performances and moments that hit the target and the ones and missed it.
the "avengers: age of ultron" sequel has a new poster. the vision will be played by Paul Bettany. "daredevil," "fantastic four" and "fantastic five" also got new images.
"odin was the man of the house. Odin was his sisters' keeper," his mother says. "the day I laid my son to rest, I think my heart stopped beating for a moment," she says. he played football for the Boston bandits, the oldest semi-pro team in Boston.
former new england patriots star could face three more trials -- one criminal and two civil actions. he is accused of killing two men and wounding another person near a nightclub in 2012. the families of de abreu and furtado filed civil suits against Hernandez.
"orphan black" kicks off its second season on saturday, april 18. the cloning cult sci-fi series is one of the most critically acclaimed shows on tv. "turn: Washington's spies" returns with a new subtitle, "washington's spies"
actress alyssa Milano had breast milk confiscated at heathrow airport. heathrow airport asks travelers to carry only what they need for the flight. blogger mom apparently experienced a similar issue in 2011.
district attorney ray gricar went missing in 2005. his red mini cooper was found abandoned near a bridge on the susquehanna river. a search of his Google history on his home computer found someone had been searching "how to fry a hard drive"
julian zelizer: as we mark the 150th anniversary of the death of Abraham Lincoln, let us remember that he belongs to the ages. zelizer: his two greatest legacies -- indivisible union and irreversible emancipation -- grew organically from his midwestern roots.
"daredevil" premiered its first season on Netflix on friday. critics have praised the show. early risers on twitter praised the show as well.
"you can walk around and you don't hear anything," says Kenneth Feld, who opened the center in 1995. 29 elephants currently live here, and 13 more will join the group by 2018. the change comes after years of repeated criticism and lawsuits by animal rights groups.
two years ago, the bombings at the storied Boston marathon ended in terror. last week, a jury convicted Dzhokhar tsarnaev on 30 charges related to the bombings. the jury will begin deliberating his punishment next week.
students on the Kikuyu campus stampeded down the halls of the Kimberly dormitory. one person died, according to the university. normal power supply will resume after repairs, the university says.
reserve deputy who fatally shot man instead of using his Taser turns himself in to authorities. video shows reserve deputy Robert Bates announcing he is going to deploy his Taser but then shooting Eric courtney Harris in the back with a handgun.
the sisters were born in the Somali capital but were forced to flee after war broke out in 1991. they relocated to canada as refugees where during their teens they discovered a passion for music. the sisters are now gearing up to unleash their afro-pop sound to the world.
reinforcements come four days after ISIS began attacking northern Iraq's Baiji oil refinery. the facility refines much of the fuel used by Iraqis domestically.
TEPCO deployed the remote-controlled robot on friday inside one of the damaged reactors. the robot stalled after moving about 10 meters, according to a statement released by TEPCO.
more than 500 rebels have been killed since the start of Saudi-led military operations, a Saudi official says. the nine-nation coalition has undertaken 1,200 airstrikes since they began on march 26.
tourists and locals line up around the block for several hours just to get their hands on tins of butter cookies. the popularity has spurred bakeries to make and sell knockoffs, and the original store has signs warning against buying 'fake' Jenny's cookies.
explosion outside a bus station in the northeastern city of gombe killed at least five people. the woman left her explosives-laden handbag near a bus filling up with passengers. "there has been an explosion just outside the motor park and five people have been killed"
"we're in uncharted territory here," says u.s. point man in fight against ISIS. "this is a problem that is off the charts historically," he tells CNN. "we have a lot of tools to protect ourselves and our national security interests," he says.
"amy: the girl behind the name" is set for release in the united kingdom on July 3. the trailer conveys Winehouse's ambivalence about fame. "i don't think I'm gonna be at all famous," Winehouse tells an interviewer.
judge tells jurors not to attend the marathon or any events related to the marathon. the sentencing phase of the trial begins on April 21. the maximum penalty for several of the charges is death.
a second man, who allegedly knew about the bomb plot but didn't call authorities, is charged with failing to report a felony. he is accused of trying to detonate a car bomb at a military base in Kansas.
Gwyneth paltrow showcased an array of leafy greens, dried beans and rice, purchased for the amount a person living on food stamps is allotted each week. her participation is part of the #FoodBankNYCChallenge.
the rowing team was practicing on creve coeur lake outside of st. louis. suddenly, a swarm of Asian carp emerged from the water and went on the attack.
"a new day and a new Nigeria are upon us," Buhari tells cnn's Christiane amanpour. "the victory is yours, and the glory is that of our nation," he says. the 72-year-old will be sworn in on may 29.
over the weekend ISIS moved into towns just to the north of Ramadi, sending thousands fleeing on foot into the city. "they just came into the house, they didn't say a word. they just sent a sniper to the roof. I grabbed my children and ran," one man recalls. "they took our homes and kicked us out."
Yemenis in rickety fishing boats seeking refuge from conflict threatening to engulf their country. twenty-five families piling into one boat setting sail through the Bab al-Mandab Strait to Djibouti. government providing refugees with temporary shelter in unfinished orphanage.
"this means the world to us," says 5-year-old haleigh cox's mother. the bill will legalize low-THC cannabis oil for certain "medication-resistant epilepsies" the bill is dubbed haleigh's hope act.
photographer Carolina sandretto focuses on the crumbling buildings that many Cubans divide and cohabitate. following the 1959 revolution, houses and apartments were redistributed throughout the island. gaining entrance to the maze-like solares was a constant negotiation, sandretto said.
the white house insists it doesn't need congressional approval for the Iran nuclear deal. but a diplomatic breakthrough of this magnitude would be far more enduring with the imprimatur of Congress. there is growing pressure on capitol hill to pass legislation that would give congress the right to review the deal.
Hillary Scott's tour bus caught fire on a texas freeway. she, her husband, the tour manager and the driver were all evacuated safely.
the bill also includes a two-year extension of a popular children's health insurance program. the issue of payments to Medicare providers has been a thorny issue for years.
the ring was engraved with the words, "Darling Joe, Happy 70th birthday 2009 love Jenny" the couple lost the ring in a rip current while snorkeling in Bali.
six people, including one civilian, were killed when a car bomb exploded near the police station. ansar Beit al-maqdis, an ISIS affiliate, claimed responsibility for the attack.
#MeForReal is an uplifting conversation about the way we present ourselves online. tag your favorite unscripted, unedited, un-perfected moments using #MeForReal.
"cynthia lennon passed away today at her home in Mallorca, spain," her son says. "her son Julian was at her bedside throughout," his website says. the couple married in 1962, just as the Beatles were making their rise.
president obama has had some unhappy experiences at hemispheric summits. the foundations for a strong hemispheric bloc are there, but they need attention.
parents who refuse to vaccinate their children can lose up to $11,000 of welfare benefits a year. Currently parents can opt out of vaccinations for medical or religious reasons. under the new "no jab, no pay" policy, the exemption as a conscientious objector will be removed.
the items are crafts and artifacts made by Japanese-Americans confined to internment camps. "we hope this controversy will be the beginning of a discourse on this issue," the auction house says.
ISIS magazine outlines the group's twisted justification and guidelines for the enslavement of the Yazidis. "they dragged us away by our hair. they took married women, young ones," says 19-year-old Hanan. "they said we are going to marry you off, you will forget your family," she says.
V. stiviano must pay back more than $2.6 million in gifts after sterling's wife sued her. "this is a victory for the sterling family in recovering the $2,630,000," lawyer says.
the Washington post's bureau chief in Tehran was arrested in July on unspecified allegations. he will be tried soon on espionage, Tehran's chief justice says.
Thabo sefolosha says police caused his season-ending leg injury when he was arrested. sefolosha suffered a fractured fibula and ligament damage when he was arrested last week.
chess grandmaster gaioz nigalidze has been banned from the Dubai open chess tournament. officials discovered he was darting to the toilet to consult his smartphone.
al Qaeda confirms two of its leaders, known as Ustad Ahmad farooq and Qari Abdullah mansur, were killed in CIA drone strikes in January. farooq's real name was Raja mohammad suleman, a Pakistani who acted as the group's liaison to the Pakistan Taliban.
some supervisors at the Tulsa County sheriff's office were told to forge reserve deputy's training records, newspaper says. three supervisors who refused were reassigned to less desirable duties, the newspaper says. reserve deputy Robert Bates killed Eric Harris during a sting operation.
11 channels associated with the french-language global television network TV5Monde went black. the outage began around 10 p.m. Paris time (4 p.m. ET)
Clinton's campaign-in-waiting met on saturday in its Brooklyn headquarters. the document outlines what the campaign will stand for, what their goals are and how they plan to win. many of the "guiding principles" in the document mention issues that plagued Clinton's first campaign.
62-year-old john Helinski was homeless and nameless for three years. his ID and Social security cards had been stolen. a police officer and case worker worked to get him into the system.
a natural gas line explodes at a law enforcement shooting range in fresno, california. the explosion sparked a fire that roared like a jet engine, sheriff says.
dozens of foreigners, including americans, have volunteered to take the fight to ISIS. "many of us do feel that we do have the skills and qualifications that can be used to benefit those in the region," says a former soldier.
"Furious 7" could not be more racially and ethnically inclusive. the cast includes a mix of white, black, Hispanic, Hispanic, latino and african-american actors. "furious 7" hits theaters friday.
a measles outbreak that affected more than 130 people since December is over. it has been 42 days since the last known case of B3 strain of measles. the outbreak began with dozens of visitors to two Disney theme parks in the state.
thousands of south africans took to the streets of the city of Durban to protest violence and xenophobia. during the protest march, twitter followers voiced their support through hashtag campaigns.
dr. Anthony moschetto, 54, pleaded not guilty to criminal solicitation, conspiracy, burglary, arson. two other men -- identified as james chmela, 43, and james kalamaras, 41 -- pleaded not guilty. police officers allegedly discovered approximately 100 weapons at moschetto's home.
the resolution "raises the cost" for the Houthis. it also includes sanctions aimed at controlling the spread of terrorism.
a trailer for "batman v. superman: dawn of justice" leaked online. the trailer had Spanish subtitles on the screen. the film will be released on march 25, 2016.
jurors say they came away satisfied with their decision. "it's the hardest thing I've ever done in my life," one juror says. "we went in there every day with open minds," another juror says.
a third person has been arrested in the case of an alleged spring break gang rape. a woman told police she may have been drugged and gang-raped on a beach. she saw the video of her alleged assault on the news, recognized her tattoos.
remains of up to nearly 400 unaccounted for service members tied to the USS Oklahoma at pearl harbor will be exhumed this year. the battleship sank when it was hit by torpedoes on December 7, 1941.
u.n. secretary-general ban ki-moon has described the yarmouk refugee camp as "the deepest circle of hell" the fact that they are alive truly makes them miracle children, says john sutter. sutter: the international community must act in a concerted manner.
authorities detained a 15-year-old girl from Cape town, south africa, at the city's airport. it's not clear how the girl was recruited or how the airfare was arranged, state security minister says.
"i would have killed you, you know what I'm saying, if you're a f---ing child molester," suspect says. "i don't give a f--- what you want," he says, lunging forward.
robert bates is charged with manslaughter in the death of a fleeing suspect. he says he mistook his pistol for a stun gun. "it can happen to anyone," he tells "today"
president uhuru Kenyatta has announced three days of national mourning following the deadly attack at a nearby university. 147 people -- mostly students -- were brutally massacred when Al-Shabaab militants invaded the campus in garissa, a town in northeastern Kenya. the man suspected by Kenyan authorities of being the "mastermind" behind the atrocity -- Mohamed Mohamud -- once taught at the school.
a century ago, more than 1 million Armenians (some estimates run as high as 1.5 million) died at the hand of the Turks. a slew of historians and at least 20 countries call the killings a "genocide"
the NFL suspended the 30-year-old football star in November over allegations. he was accused of disciplining his son too harshly with a "switch," or thin stick. a judge vacated that decision, making him eligible for reinstatement.
a reserve deputy thought he pulled out his Taser during an arrest, but instead shot the suspect. police say Eric courtney Harris, 44, sold undercover officers a pistol.
authorities handle 115,000 drug-related crimes -- such as robbery -- and 606,000 cases of drug use. nine police officers died and another 657 were wounded in the mission, with 76 severely wounded.
the shows will be unannounced until day-of-show, with tickets priced at $3 and limited to one ticket per person. the purposely vague announcement surely has fans scouring the Internet for white's touring history.
Yemen's war-torn country is off limits to the outside world. but on tuesday, CNN was granted rare access on a desperate aid mission by unicef. more than 100,000 Yemeni civilians have fled their homes since fighting began.
photographer Tomasz lazar spent hours photographing and interviewing adults who were ripped from their homes as children in the 1940s. "for me those faces are like maps," lazar said. "the more you look at them, the more you are discovering"
documents show deputy had one Taser training class over a six-and-a-half-year period. he took three firearms training classes and qualified 10 times to use a handgun. "robert has met all the requisite training required by Oklahoma to be a reserve deputy," lawyer says.
naturalized u.s. citizen pleads not guilty to federal charges of providing material support to terrorists. abdirahman sheik mohamud, 23, of Columbus, allegedly traveled to Syria for training.
co-pilot on germanwings flight had psychiatric issues far beyond clinical depression. ruben navarrette: he had to jump through hoops to become a co-pilot.
the first set of female quintuplets in the world since 1969 was born in Houston, texas. physicist Stephen Hawking partnered with the silly lads of monty Python to recreate the "galaxy song"
MacLaren was announced as director of the movie in November. the movie, starring gal gadot, is still set for release on June 23, 2017.
a new york jury will deliberate over a possible verdict against the man charged in his killing. Pedro Hernandez confessed to police three years ago.
ABC is filming a proof of concept for a revival of "the muppets" sources say the project, if all goes well, could go straight to series. "the big bang theory" co-creator bill praidy is co-writing the script.
a study found that 80% of women in Mumbai had been street harassed. most people are silent when inappropriate sexual behavior occurs to women. sexual harassment in india is pervasive in all aspects of life.
"it's a real tragedy to see someone at age 48 go like that," "Anne of green Gables" producer says. "i will remember him as someone who worked extremely hard," producer says.
this week's attack on garissa university college is al-shabaab's fifth major assault in Kenya in the past year and a half. al-shabaab says its attacks are to protest the more than 3,500 Kenyan soldiers participating in the african union peacekeeping mission in Somalia.
judge lowers bail to $10 million from $25 million. former rap mogul Marion "suge" knight faces up to life in prison if convicted. he is accused of running over two men, killing one of them, during an argument.
the 128 parks that charge a fee will be free those two days. it's all part of national park week, happening from April 18 through 26.
a report estimates that 7.7 million low-income households live in substandard housing. john sutter: our entire nation is in the midst of an affordable housing crisis.
debralobo, 55, was shot in the right cheek and left arm. she is unconscious but expected to survive, police say. police found pamphlets written in Urdu, saying "america should be burnt"
a jury of media peers has dissected the magazine's disastrous, discredited story about rape on the campus of the university of virginia. the egregious mistakes of reporting and editing are regrettable but understandable. the magazine's decision not to fire anybody or reorganize its newsroom operation is not.
"late late show" actor Jon Cryer re-creates duckie's record-store dance. the scene is one of the best-loved bits from the 1986 John Hughes film. host james corden tweeted he'd "fulfilled a childhood dream"
socially conservative evangelicals and pro-business interests have been powerfully allied against government regulations. for the past three decades, socially conservative evangelicals and pro-business interests have been allied against government.
Ines dumig's photo series "apart together" features a Somali refugee who left her home at 14. "i realized so many people want to come to Europe, and I always had the feeling to disappear or to go away," dumig said. the underlying themes of "apart together" include the feelings of isolation and "otherness"
hockey player Jarret Stoll of the l.a. Kings was arrested at the swimming pool of a resort. he was charged with possession of controlled substances, including cocaine and ecstasy.
police in a busy office park in marana, arizona, thought a gun was locked and couldn't be fired. but just 10 seconds after the worker told police that... a shot. less than a minute later a police car slammed into the gunman, who was hospitalized.
"the boys are in rough shape," their lawyer says. the family was airlifted to hospitals in the united states. the epa says the presence of a pesticide may have caused the illnesses.
ISIS claims responsibility for a suicide car bomb attack near the u.s. consulate in irbil. all U.S. Consulate personnel are safe and accounted for, the state department says.
"we once again unequivocally condemn the maiming and killing of our brothers and sisters from other parts of the continent," government says. attacks in Durban killed two immigrants and three south africans, including a 14-year-old boy.
desperate for a home in 2013, he headed to a church to make a plea for his own adoption. "that boy spent his whole life in the system, that's what went wrong," his social worker says.
sen. elizabeth warren said she isn't going to slack off on her calls for breaking up banks. julian zelizer: there are many signs that democrats are planning to take on economic inequality.
three weeks since Saudi Arabia began airstrikes on Houthi rebels in Yemen, there is as yet little sign that the rebels are being driven back. increasingly more Yemenis appear to be fleeing the country, attempting the dangerous trip across the red sea to the Horn of africa.
dancer, raised in california and texas, left her parents and eight brothers and sisters behind when she arrived in Russia six years ago, speaking no Russian. she studied at the Bolshoi Ballet Academy and was one of the first americans accepted. in 2013 she left under a cloud -- media reports suggested she had claimed she was asked by an unnamed boshoi official to pay $10,000 to dance in even small roles.
group of friends conspired to sneak into Syria and join ISIS "by any means necessary," prosecutors say. "these are focused men who are intent on joining a terrorist organization by any means possible" four of the men appeared in federal court on Monday but did not enter a plea.
"weed 3: the marijuana revolution" airs at 9 p.m. ET/PT on sunday. doctor says medical marijuana could ease symptoms of various ailments.
Maggie doyne left her new jersey hometown to travel the world before college. she met a young girl who wanted to find her family in Nepal, and her life took an unexpected turn. do you know a hero? Nominations are open for CNN Heroes 2015.
Jason warnock was driving through a canyon in Lewiston, Idaho, when he saw the tree. he then looked up to see an SUV dangling over the edge of a cliff. warnock dashed from his car and scrambled up a hill to the Yukon and its driver.
"i can't wait to see what's next. I love you," the new england patriots quarterback says. "i have never met someone with more of a will to succeed," he says.
photographer Timothy bouldry captures what it's like to live inside one of the largest dumping grounds in india. the landfill is located in the city of Guwahati, about 300 miles from Bangladesh near the Bhutanese border.
a lawsuit filed this week alleges Johns Hopkins and the rockefeller foundation helped conduct a similar study in Guatemala from 1945 to 1956. orphans, inmates, psychiatric patients and prostitutes were deliberately infected, the suit says.
two deputies involved in the fatal attempt to arrest Eric Harris have been reassigned. sheriff Stanley Glanz said he was "very concerned" for their safety and that of their families.
"i will (expletive) sue this place," Britt McHenry says to a towing company employee. "maybe if I was missing some teeth they would hire me, huh?" she says to the employee. the video inspired the hashtag #firebrittmchenry.
chancey allen luna was found guilty of first-degree murder. he and two friends gunned down a college baseball player in august 2013. "we were bored and didn't have anything to do," police chief says.
"star wars: the force awakens" teaser teases the new film. the trailer showed off new stormtroopers and the BB8 droid. "you're more than fans. you're family," actor mark hamill told the crowd.
Nigeria is among the african metropolises which have seen the highest growth in the number of millionaires on the continent. these cities could join an existing club of African wealth hubs hosting the so-called ultra-high net worth individuals. luxury brands tend to enter country markets through distributors, benefiting from local knowledge and how their name is marketed.
"real housewives of Beverly hills" star accused of trespassing, resisting arrest, public intoxication. police say she entered a restroom and wouldn't come out. she kicked an officer in the leg, but the officer was not injured.
the Shariya refugee camp opened around six months ago, made up of some 4,000 tents and counting. the vast majority of the camp's occupants are from the town of Sinjar, which is near the border with Syrian Kurdistan.
a court has issued a landmark injunction halting plans to restart two nuclear reactors in the west of the country. locals successfully petitioned the court in fukui prefecture, where the plant is located, raising concerns about whether the reactors would survive a strong earthquake. the decision will force prime minister Shinzo abe to rethink the economics of his energy policy.
ISIS has been using Abu Ghraib and other cases of western abuse to legitimize its actions in Iraq. the lack of accountability in the aftermath of the u.s. intervention in Iraq paved the way for abuses.
a volunteer sheriff's deputy accidentally fires a handgun instead of a Taser, killing a man. "oh! i shot him. i'm sorry," the deputy says in a video of the shooting.
french customs officers say they have seized more than 2 tons of cocaine. the drugs, whose value is estimated at more than $105 million, are the biggest cocaine seizure ever carried out by french authorities.
coalition forces have ousted ISIS from the nation's largest oil refinery. Iraqi security forces regained full control of the Baiji refinery.
a clip of the video, which features a gay couple holding hands, got the 18+ rating. the channel said it didn't want to break the country's anti-gay propaganda law. the law bans "propaganda of nontraditional sexual relations around minors"
a car bomb explodes at a restaurant near the presidential palace in the heart of mogadishu. at least 10 people are killed, including a woman and a boy, police say. al-shabaab militants claim responsibility for the attack.
john avlon: Robert Kennedy Jr. compared "vaccine-induced" autism to the holocaust. avlon: autism is not a death sentence; people with autism are everywhere.
a new way to talk about climate change shifts focus from impersonal discussions about greenhouse gas emissions to a very personal one: your health. president Barack Obama joined u.s. surgeon general Dr. vivek murthy and EPA administrator Gina McCarthy for a roundtable discussion on the topic.
a 23-year-old artist has scoured the streets of the uk looking for those odd bits of paper that flutter to the ground. her quest has uncovered a fascinating, if idiosyncratic, collection of shopping lists, reminders, requests, love notes and motivational musings. she says her collecting has led to interesting anthropological insights into the human condition.
nitrogen gas causes a quick loss of consciousness and then death from lack of oxygen. "the person will become unconscious within eight to 10 seconds and death a few minutes later"
"such activities are fundamentally contrary to the role of pharmacists as healthcare providers," group says. the group acted this week because of increased public attention on lethal injection.
second robot sent into crippled fukushima nuclear plant captures images of strange green glow. the robot detected lower radiation levels and temperature than expected. the first robot broke down after moving about 10 meters.
"somebody's got to do it" features the founder of a nonprofit that cleans up rivers. Chad pregracke has collected 8.4 million pounds of trash from u.s. waterways. he has made it his mission in 2015 to remove 500,000 more pounds of trash.
"i thought a semi had come down the guardrail here in front," neighbor tells KOMO. concrete from a construction project crashed onto the family's car, authorities say. "the only thing we had was we could tell there was one victim," an officer says.
in 2011, florida enacted the firearm owners' privacy act, which threatens prosecution. in arizona, another assault on physician free speech is scheduled to go into effect this summer.
a spokeswoman for the u.n. refugee agency says the boat capsized after being touched or swamped by a cargo ship. the account differs from that provided by italian authorities on Sunday, who said migrants on the smaller boat moved to one side.
23 people had minor injuries after Flight 162 landed at 8:05 p.m. the flight took off from south korea's incheon international airport. authorities are investigating initial reports that the plane may have hit an object.
"Mare nostrum" rescued would-be migrants in peril as they tried to cross the Mediterranean. without european support, the italian government cut back the naval assets dedicated to rescuing migrants. the argument about how to handle unprecedented numbers of desperate people heading for Europe continues unabated.
five years after the deepwater horizon oil spill, we are only beginning to truly understand its profound environmental and economic repercussions. one of the populations that can provide insight into these questions is the Gulf crab.
the ship, the mu du bong, was detained after it ran aground off the coast of mexico in July. the company that owns the ship, north Korea's ocean Maritime management, has skirted sanctions.
Heather Mack, 19, was found guilty with her boyfriend, Tommy Schaefer, of killing sheila von Wiese-Mack. von Wiese-Mack's body was found in a suitcase outside a luxury hotel in Bali last august. Schaefer was sentenced to 18 years in prison for battering von Wiese-Mack to death.
"i got to make out with the queen madonna and I feel 100 about that forever," he says. "oh, s***. what the f*** just happened?" he asks after the kiss.
a federal jury convicted dzhokhar tsarnaev of 30 charges related to the 2013 Boston marathon bombings. john sutter: the trial has held Boston and the region in thrall.
brazilian supermodel Gisele bundchen sashayed down the catwalk at Sao Paulo Fashion Week on Wednesday night in an emotional farewell to the runway. the 34-year-old announced over the weekend that she would be retiring from the catwalk, though not the fashion industry.
"the Americans," 10 p.m. ET Wednesday, will wrap up its third season. "fresh off the boat," 8 p.m. ET Tuesday, is the first sitcom with an Asian-american cast since the 1990s. "scorpion," 8 p.m. ET Monday, will wrap up its second season.
bishop Robert fin was found guilty in 2012 of failure to report suspected child abuse. he led the diocese of Kansas city-st. joseph, Missouri. the case revolved around his diocese's dealings with a priest who pleaded guilty.
the 20th anniversary of the 1995 bombing in Oklahoma city approaches. the use of marijuana as a medicinal treatment actually dates back millennia.
"avengers" director and "cabin" director accused of stealing author's idea. "cabin" is based on 2006 novel "the little white trip: a night in the pines" author wants $10 million in damages.
YouTuber Bobby Burns made his own version of the trailer for "batman v. superman: dawn of justice" this version wonders what it would be like if comics' classic characters took their places.
"i've finally been invited, and I love it," said the final beatle to be inducted as a solo act. yoko ono is there to honor starr, "just sad John and George aren't here"
the new "fantastic four" trailer features more of star christopher pratt. the movie is due out august 7.
Freddie gray was arrested on a weapons charge in a high-crime area of Baltimore known for drugs. it's unclear how he suffered a severe spinal cord injury that led to his death seven days later.
climbers have returned to mount everest for this year's climbing season after a deadly season last year. in 2014, a piece of glacial ice fell, unleashing an avalanche that killed 16 Nepalis. the route through Khumbu icefall has been changed to one that takes longer but is expected to be safer.
the pair will reprise their characters from 2010's "Tron: Legacy" the sequel is being directed by Joseph Kosinski. "Legacy" was the sequel to the 1982 sci-fi film.
the stunning sunsets were the result of raging wildfires in parts of siberia. the smoke from the widespread fires was picked up by atmospheric winds.
the claim appears to be the first in Afghanistan by ISIS, CNN's Nick paton Walsh says. the terrorist group says the bomber was named Abu mohammad and he belonged to their ranks.
three men arrested after they were found plane spotting near fujairah airport are to be released. "we made our defense, and the judge made the decision to drop the case," lawyer says.
"nobody fills that boot now," says father of slain restaurant manager. prosecutor: "that is the very essence of terror"
australian prime minister Tony Abbott has been caught on camera guzzling a glass of beer in seven seconds. the feat of swift consumption impressed some people but annoyed others. he had previously criticized binge drinking in australia.
a frothy private sector is gearing up to serve the "test me" market. some might argue that this freedom of test is the path to a healthier society. the primary effect won't be more health, but rather more medical care.
the 2015 academy of country music awards celebrated its 50th anniversary on sunday. with a full stadium and millions of home viewers watching, two of country's leading men lit the fuse.
the fda has issued a recall for hummus products. the recall is not based on the use-by dates. the consumer is at an automatic disadvantage when it comes to avoiding potential problems.
new line cinema is planning a mariah carey christmas movie. producer Jonathan shestack confirmed he is working on the yet-untitled project. here are five reasons this movie has to happen.
Karni bt. Medi Tarsim, 37, has been beheaded, without official warning. she was sentenced to death in march 2013 for killing her employer's four-year-old child. rights groups say they suspect Siti was mentally ill and cast aspersions on claims she confessed.
high temperatures and gusty winds helped the fire spread, a state forester says. one school was evacuated as a precaution, the fire department says.
the tablet had "his holiness francis" and "vatican internet service, march 2013" engraved on the back. the proceeds will go to a school in montevideo, Uruguay.
the possibility was first reported by the wall street journal. the pontiff played a key role in the re-establishment of diplomatic relations between the two nations.
prince says he is fed up with discrimination against Poles living in the uk. "enough is enough, Mr. farage. so what I'd like to do, Mr. farage, is to challenge you to a duel" the prince holds a sword that had belonged to his father -- a world war II war hero.
a small boat carrying about 50 migrants left from the area of le Borgne, west of cap-haitien. it began to sail toward the island of providenciales in the Turks and caicos when it was caught in bad weather.
cyclist Wang pingan had his mountain bike stolen just days before completing 460-day trip. police say the bike was stolen from a road junction "infested" by cycle thieves.
a new neighborhood is set to emerge on the historic grounds of the famous beer-maker. prices range from just below Copenhagen's average $5,000 per square meter to about $12,000. the area has been home to skateboarders, bikers, modern dancers, cafes.
six attackers are killed by cameroonian forces, a military spokesman says. the attackers torched a village in the far north region, he says.
police commando unit waited hours for transport from Nairobi to garissa. commando asked not to be identified for fear of reprisals. al-shabaab slaughtered 147 people at the school on April 2.
former gov. martin o'malley is intensifying his criticism of Democratic front-runner Hillary Clinton. o'malley enjoys using YouTube videos as a quick way to spread his opinion. a republican ticket for the generations could be a factor in the 2016 race.
we're playing checkers on the middle east game board and Tehran's playing three-dimensional chess. by making the nuclear issue the be-all and end-all that is supposed to reduce Iran's power, the united states is only making Tehran taller.
photographer andres figueroa chronicles religious festivals that take place in the atacama desert. "i have always wanted to see the desert. even though I am not very religious, i've always been curious about their traditions," he says.
rabbis were part of a ring accused of orchestrating the kidnappings of Jewish husbands. without a "get," a woman is considered an "agunah," a chained woman bound to a man. without a "get," a woman runs risk of being shunned in her community.
"What Pet Should I Get?" will be the first new, original Dr. seuss book since 1990. it features the spirited siblings from the beloved classic "one fish two fish red fish blue fish" the book's first printing was increased from 500,000 to 1 million copies.
there are nearly 5,000 "gems" scattered across the country, ranging from museums to archaeological areas and monuments. the UNESCO-listed basilica of assisi is just the last of a series of national shames. if other nations had half as much of what we boast, they'd make a much better job with it.
syringe services programs have been in the fight against HIV and hepatitis C transmission. syringe services programs reduce the reuse and sharing of dirty syringes. they also promote public health and safety by taking syringes off the streets.
the plane crashed about 2 miles east of the central Illinois regional airport in bloomington. it was coming back from the NCAA final four championship game in Indianapolis.
scientists found the species on the Caribbean slopes of Costa Rica. it's called a glassfrog because of its translucent belly.
"we love Lucy! get rid of this statue," a facebook campaign says. the bronze figure of comedian and area native Lucille ball has elicited comparisons to a "walking dead" the sculpture, a gift to the town from its original owners, has been on display since 2009.
phil rudd pleads guilty to charges of threatening to kill and possession of drugs. the drummer for AC/DC was arrested in new zealand last year after police found methamphetamine and cannabis.
erika langhart's boyfriend found her collapsed at her apartment. hospital records cited the nuvaRing as a risk factor for her multiple pulmonary embolisms.
the petition was started by a student at dokuz eylul university in the western province of Izmir. "uneducated padawan" -- the novice Jedis in the "star wars" film franchise -- "are moving to the dark side"
the CF-18 Hornets bombed near ISIS' de facto capital of Raqqa. it's the first airstrike under the expanded mandate.
the jury resumed deliberations on Wednesday after deliberating about an hour-and-a-half on Tuesday. the prosecution portrayed Hernandez as cold, calculating and insecure.
al Qaeda fighters attacked a prison in the coastal Yemeni city of al Mukallah early Thursday. at least 270 prisoners, a third of whom have al Qaeda links, were freed. government troops arrived early Thursday and clashed with the al Qaeda fighters.
a waitress at an auckland cafe complained about a man pulling her ponytail. a sexual harassment complaint has been filed against new zealand's prime minister. key publicly apologized after the waitress complained in a blog post.
john avlon: lingering memories of the 2013 marathon blasts will be seen and felt in all sorts of ways. avlon: with the luxury of some time and healing, the city has moved on.
"the Dukes of hazzard" star james best dies after a brief illness. "i laughed and learned more from Jimmie in one hour than from anyone else in a whole year," co-star says.
UNICEF says its initial shipment of 16 tons of medical supplies has at last landed in Yemen's capital. aid agencies have been saying that supplies were desperately needed, but getting them into the country was difficult. about 900 refugees from Yemen have arrived in the Horn of Africa.
"Kurt got to the point where he eventually had to sacrifice every bit of who he was to his art" "if he had lived, i would have had a dad. And that would have been an incredible experience," she says. "it's the closest thing to having Kurt tell his own story in his own words"
about a quarter of a million homes and businesses have no power after a "once in a decade" storm. about 4,500 people have been isolated by flood waters as "the roads are cut off" the storm has already claimed four lives, according to new south Wales police.
"success kid" needs a kidney transplant. his dad was diagnosed with kidney disease in 2006 and suffered complete kidney failure three years later. the family doesn't know when a kidney might become available.
officer michael slager, 33, has been fired after he resorted to deadly force. his wife is eight months' pregnant and the city will continue paying for her medical insurance. "it's not like him.... that's just not his character," his mother tells ABC.
the parents of the youngest victim of the Boston marathon bombings are urging the justice department to end the case. "the defendant murdered our 8-year-old son, maimed our 7-year-old daughter, and stole part of our soul," they wrote.
the suspects planned to attack during a major national commemoration in a week. they were associates of 18-year-old Nadun Haider, who was killed while stabbing officers.
the former new england patriot has pleaded not guilty to murder and two weapons charges. he's accused of orchestrating the shooting death of semi-pro football player Odin Lloyd.
al-shabaab gunmen slaughtered 147 people at a college campus in garissa, Kenya. it was the bloodiest blow Islamist extremists have dealt to the country since the 1998 bombing of the u.s. embassy in Nairobi. al-shabaab has killed many more Kenyans and is by far the country's most persistent tormenter.
mercedes driver Lewis Hamilton claims pole position for sunday's chinese grand prix. he beat teammate and fierce rival Nico Rosberg by four hundredths of a second. the two former friends have enjoyed a heated rivalry since falling out last season.
tristan da cunha is a volcanic archipelago in the south Atlantic ocean, home to just under 270 people. the island is only accessible by sea 60-days a year through a small port in its only town, Edinburgh of the seven seas. with the help of the RIBA, the island is holding an international competition to improve aging infrastructure.
scientists have been studying "the blob," a huge area of unusually warm water in the Pacific. the blob has been warmer by about 5.5 degrees, a significant rise. some marine species are exploring the warmer waters, leading some fish to migrate.
police release video of a walmart parking lot brawl that left one man dead. suspect David gaver, 28, was shot in the stomach and taken into custody.
Mohammed Abu Khdeir's name will be removed from an Israeli memorial after his family complained. Abu Khdeir, 16, was beaten and burned alive by three Israelis in July, according to prosecutors. Almagor, an organization that works on behalf of victims of terror in Israel, also opposes his inclusion on the memorial.
Alfred taubman, 91, died friday at the age of 91. he helped change the face of suburban life by popularizing upscale indoor shopping malls. his son is the chairman, president and chief executive officer of the company his father founded.
"apparently this matters" is cnn tech's weekly, offbeat look at stories trending on social media. this week, jarrett bellini talks about the wildly offensive way reporter Britt McHenry spoke to a towing company employee.
the mass killings of Armenians in the Ottoman empire began 100 years ago friday. the killings are said to have been the first genocide of the 20th century. the issue of whether to call the killings a genocide is emotional.
genocidal regime of the communist party of kampuchea wiped out entire population of Phnom penh. about 20,000 people died from execution, starvation or exhaustion during this exodus at gunpoint. the others were subjected to slave labor in rural camps once they reached their destination.
former secretary of state will once again seek the democratic party's nomination for president. "i'm hitting the road to earn your vote, because it's your time," Clinton said in a video released Sunday afternoon. but the enthusiastic support from the industry will pose a delicate balancing act when it comes to appeasing a vocal wing of her party that is antagonistic toward the banking sector.
a 24-year-old man is in custody after he called for an ambulance. authorities found weapons, ammunition and evidence of his plans to target churches. "a terrorist attack has been foiled," french president Francois Hollande says.
"in lieu of flowers, memorials may be sent to Shriners Hospital for Children," his obituary reads. "the family respectfully asks that you do not vote for Hillary Clinton in 2016," it reads.
"when I looked I couldn't believe it, to see that it was tipped over," Paul McGloin says. "the more I thought about it, there were no serious winds or weather events," he says.
a gorilla leaped toward an exhibit window, cracking it. the incident happened at the Henry doorly zoo in Omaha, nebraska.
the defense is expected to call witnesses to explain dzhokhar tsarnaev's difficult upbringing. the prosecution rested after trying to convince jurors that tsarnaev was cold-hearted and remorseless. survivors and family members of those killed in the bombing share their stories.
a number of politicians have officially announced their candidacies. some of the mistakes might end up being more damaging if they feed into negative perceptions.
Adam gadahn, 36, was killed in a counterterrorism operation in january. he was known as the american mouthpiece of al Qaeda. a former al Qaeda member says he was tasked with greeting gadahn at peshawar airport in 1998.
the world's seventh-largest economy is headed toward collapse, says john sutter. sutter: the "super economy" of the ocean is going downhill fast.
penelope Cruz will appear in the upcoming sequel to the 2001 film. stiller, who plays the title role of male model Derek Zoolander, said he was "excited" to welcome her to the cast.
"now I truly understand everyone who has lost a loved one," Valerie braham says. her husband, Philippe Braham, was killed in the terror attacks in paris. "today we all share the same pain," she says.
in 2014 more than 80% of them headed for the Libyan coast as the easiest point of embarkation. Eritreans and Syrians made up half of the migrant traffic to Europe last year.
investigators say they have proof -- the actual malicious codes used in the attacks. the 2013 attack, known as "dark Seoul," paralyzed an estimated 48,000 computers. the latest high-profile digital incursion, in December, attempted to steal data from south Korea's nuclear operator.
u.s. taxpayers are providing $5.65 billion in foreign military finance in 2015. the majority of that money is going to Israel and Egypt.
"Operation renewal of hope" will focus on the political process. the Saudis say they want to restore the Yemeni government. former Yemeni president Ali Abdullah saleh and his family will leave Yemen, source says.
10 inmates on death row have been ordered to be executed by firing squad. they include a maid from the philippines and australians Andrew Chan and myuran sukumaran. their petitions for clemency were denied by president joko widodo in late 2014.
the passenger received medical attention before being released. the flight was originally scheduled to fly from Chicago to Hartford.
new orleans went smoke-free as Tuesday became Wednesday at midnight. the city council passed its ban against smoking in most places across the city in January.
five years ago, Rebecca Francis posed for a photo while lying next to a dead giraffe. comedian Ricky Gervais tweeted the photo with a question.
a boatload of 900 migrants who embarked from Libya are now feared dead. over 10,000 were rescued off the coast of italy in the last week alone. many of the refugees involved in recent disasters come from some of Italy's former colonies in north and east africa.
federal marshals arrest fugitive accused of kidnapping who was featured on CNN's "the hunt" Scott and genevieve kelley are accused of leaving new hampshire, kidnapping their daughter. the daughter plans to testify at her mother's trial.
one cotton farmer commits suicide every eight hours in western india's cotton production belt. last year was a record year for cotton production, resulting in a glut on the world market. a plentiful harvest in 2014 drove prices down while production costs rose.
the whale, named Varvara, swam nearly 14,000 miles (22,500 kilometers) the journey surpassed a record listed on the Guinness Worlds Records website.
Iran and Saudi Arabia each point to the other as the main reason for much of the turmoil in the middle east. the Iranian-Saudi conflict by proxy has reached Yemen in a spiral that both sides portray as climatic. both sides have good reasons to want to stop the Yemeni crisis from spiraling out of control.
the women will be under police surveillance for a year, attorney says. "free the five" became a twitter hashtag. the united states had urged china to free them.
the most popular cookie, Thin Mints, contains refined white flour, sugar, partially hydrogenated oil. doctor: "every bite and every sale not only delivers an unhealthy snack"
a warrant for failing to appear in child support court is not a crime in the traditional sense. a bench warrant for failing to appear in child support court is not an arrest warrant for crimes.
espn's Britt McHenry was caught on camera berating and belittling an employee. ruben navarrette: it's troubling how quickly and gleefully the rest of us issued blame on McHenry.
cnn's john sutter talks to a general who says obesity is a national security issue. sutter: "we think by 2020 it could be as high as 50%" by 2020, only 2 in 10 would qualify to join the army.
Aaron Hernandez is being processed at a maximum-security prison in western massachusetts. he will be shipped to the souza-baranowski correctional center in Shirley. it's the state's newest prison, opened in 1998.
nuclear power is our largest source of carbon-free energy, generating over 60% of our carbon-free electricity. despite the fact that nuclear power is carbon-free, the Obama administration's energy plan is biased against it.
president Obama's explanation of how his administration will engage with the middle east is far from reassuring to the region. u.s. policy in the region remains mired in a contradiction between principles and action on the ground.
marco ruiz: marco ruiz is running for the republican presidential nomination. he has been his own worst enemy on what could have been his signature issues.
"we were so in love and happy together," says adrianne haslet-davis. "i saw all five of my toes, but I saw a lot of blood," she says. "i don't think I have a left foot anymore," says her father.
robert Bates, 73, shot and killed a man while playing cops and robbers with real police. from a policing perspective, there wasn't even good reason to use a Taser against Eric Harris.
a businesswoman in texas says a woman's hormones might make her irrational. peggy drexler: the bias against women in the workplace is so established.
police say there was no sign of forced entry to a building in a spectacular heist of safe deposit boxes. thieves appeared to have gained access to the vault of Hatton garden safe deposit Ltd through the shaft of an elevator.
british police say they knew a burglar alarm went off but didn't respond. the call was recorded and transferred to the police's CAD (computer-aided dispatch) system.
the NFL launched an investigation into the new england patriots in January. the league hired attorney Ted wells, who also investigated the dolphins bullying scandal. it's not clear when the investigation will be completed or when the findings will be announced.
Sawyer sweeten was a child star on the endearing family sitcom "Everybody Loves Raymond" he committed suicide early Thursday, his sister said in a statement.
actress Sofia vergara is defending a legal battle initiated by her ex-fiance. he wants to keep two frozen embryos from their relationship, both female. the actress split from businessman Nick loeb in may 2014.
the proportion of women who vote has exceeded the proportion of men who vote in every presidential election since 1980. sally kohn: a woman-centered campaign isn't always the best strategy.
a dress worn by vivien leigh as she played scarlett o'hara in "gone with the wind" has fetched $137,000 at an auction. the outfit was worn in several key scenes in the 1939 movie.
a cement seal of an oil well in the gulf of mexico failed, causing what has been called the worst environmental disaster in u.s. history. five years after the spill, the long-term negative effects remain unclear and are, in many cases, highly disputed. BP is eager to point out it appears the Gulf of mexico is healing itself.
Ashish thakkar is the founder of the mara group, which spans over 20 countries. he is the first african to sign up for the opportunity to travel to space with Richard Branson's company, virgin galactic.
police arrest treasurer of the ruling workers' party. he faces charges of corruption and money laundering.
wiretaps and other intelligence revealed that the group planned to carry out terrorist attacks in Afghanistan and Pakistan as well as in Italy, police said. some suspects had an abundance of weapons and moved cash around the world, police said. some of those expected to be arrested are suspected of having been involved in the 2009 car bombing in Pakistan.
foreign policy is certain to be a major issue in the upcoming campaign. on balance, Clinton's tenure at the state department should be a real advantage. but this will be no cake walk for her on the foreign policy side.
a team of students from the Ahmadu bello university are currently applying the final touches to the "ABUCAR 2" the vehicle will compete in the european leg of this year's Shell Eco-marathon. some studies say 50% of global emissions of organic carbon could come from africa in 2030.
the u.s. is home to 25% of the world's prison population. over 2.7 million american children have a parent who is incarcerated. over 10 million american children at one time had a parent in prison.
about 2312 inches (60 centimeters) of ash fell in some places. military and police forces are assisting with the evacuations of more than 4,400 residents. the eruption is a first for many in the region.
Hillary Clinton has leased her headquarters space in Brooklyn and will soon make her presidential campaign official. with the launch, will come a carefully orchestrated effort to reintroduce Clinton with an emphasis on her childhood and her earlier work on children's issues.
Jake tapper is the next anchor of CNN's Sunday morning political interview program "State of the union" he'll remain the channel's chief Washington correspondent and the anchor of the weekday afternoon newscast "The Lead" tapper joined CNN from ABC in 2013 to anchor "The Lead"
as of Tuesday, there were 135 cases -- 129 confirmed, and six preliminary -- of HIV in indiana. the increase has been linked to injection drug use, primarily of the prescription opioid opana.
ahmed farouq was deputy emir of al Qaeda in the Indian subcontinent. he died in a u.s. counterterrorism airstrike in January.
most companies in south Korea have hoesik at least once a month and sometimes every week. for Koreans, drinking is considered a way to get to know someone. drinking is such a big part of Korean life that Seoul traffic is said to correspond with the city's drinking culture.
sissa Abu dahou has dressed as a man for 43 years to avoid oppression and eek out a living in the conservative Muslim state. "it is considered wrong that I dressed as a man but no one can judge. not you or anyone else. Only God can judge me," she said.
"i feel like it's up moving in the air. flight 448 can you please tell somebody (to) stop it?" the caller was a ramp agent who fell asleep in the plane's cargo hold. "the menzies employee has been permanently banned from working on Alaska Airlines planes"
"The Dark Knight Returns" is widely credited for resurrecting batman in pop culture. now popular comic book writer Frank Miller is returning to his best-known story. this third chapter in the grim saga will be released sometime in the fall.
rebranding is a strategy that seeks to change how a consumer (or voter) emotionally experiences an established brand. a rebrand may change how you think about a brand; a reframe may change how you feel about it. rebranding is a strategy to bring a new name, term, symbol or design to an established brand.
u.s. urges china to release five young feminists who face years in prison over their campaign for gender equality. authorities detained the women in three cities -- Beijing, guangzhou and hangzhou. the detention of the women has drawn harsh criticism from the international community.
airstrikes targeted rebel Houthi militant positions in three parts of Sanaa, officials say. the strikes caused no casualties, but did destroy all three military compounds. on Tuesday, Saudi Arabia announced the end of its air campaign against Houthi positions.
director david ayer gave us the first full look at jared leto as the joker. the Oscar winner cut his hair and shaved his face for the role. "suicide squad" hits theaters august 5, 2016.
a successful climate pact will send a signal around the world that a shift to a low-carbon economy is underway. the united states has made clear that it is ready to step up to the plate on climate change.
president obama has argued with the progressive potentate, calling her "wrong" on trade policy. what everyone does next will be critical for the 2016 elections and the future of democratic politics. what everyone does next will be critical for the 2016 elections and the future of democratic politics.
a court has rejected a petition by residents to delay the reactivation of reactors in the country's southwest. the court found no "irrationalities" in new safety standards set out by the government. the ruling could provide a fillip to the government's plans to bring Japanese nuclear reactors back into operation.
dzhokhar tsarnaev is on trial for the bombing of the boston marathon in december 2012. he is accused of setting off a bomb that killed and maimed children and adults indiscriminately. tsarnaev may take the stand to beg for mercy, but only if he can fake remorse.
"today should have been a day of celebration for this bright group of students," hospital says. the young women were on their way to finish their first set of clinical rotations.
five suspects have been arrested, interior minister Joseph Nkaissery says. sources say three people, all students, were found alive. most of the victims had been shot from behind, in the back of the head, a medic says.
nearly 212 million americans are in prison. nearly 40% of our country's prisoners are african-americans. the criminalization of americans traps them in poverty.
"there's no need for that and there's no need to use a gun. period," juror says. "he didn't need to pull the trigger," juror says. "it's been an incredibly emotional toll on all of us," juror says.
a mysterious affliction has killed as many as 18 people in southwestern Nigeria. the cases have all occurred in Nigeria's Ondo state.
a senior u.s. official says the u.s. made no serious effort to negotiate for the 73-year-old development expert's release. a senior Pakistani official says that after Weinstein was kidnapped, the Pakistani government put out feelers to members of the militant haqqani network.
"you're going to feel dizzy and woozy and lightheaded, and you're not going to be able to breathe," flight attendant says. three passengers reported a loss of consciousness while on the flight. 15 passengers were examined by medical personnel at the airport.
Molly Schuyler scarfed down three 72-ounce steaks, three baked potatoes, three side salads, three rolls. "we've never had anybody come in to actually eat that many steaks at one time," restaurant owner says.
about a third of americans use some form of alternative medicine. homeopathic cold remedies coldese and zicam came under fire from experts who testified.
a group of former congressmen will receive the john f. kennedy profile in courage award. kennedy: climate change is a chance for all of us to add a chapter to the story of american triumph.
archaeologist Ivan prajc has found the gateway to an ancient mayan city. the city was built circa 700 AD and mysteriously abandoned four centuries later. prajc: "when we get to the site it feels like a big victory, like we've done it"
australia's participation in the first world war was contested from the outset. the war itself was divisive, a historical reality belied by today's bland, blanket coverage of "the anzac spirit"
veteran journalist and author Sandra mackey dies at 77. she was an undercover reporter for u.s. newspapers from Saudi Arabia. her books helped bridge gaps in understanding between arabs and americans.
the FBI is investigating a possible ISIS-inspired terrorist threat in the u.s. no arrests have been made. it's not clear whether the threat is real or aspirational.
"we have made progress and are on the way to forming a government," Netanyahu tells president. "i require additional time in order for the government to be stable," he says.
two gunmen shot Sabeen Mahmud at point-blank range after she locked up her cafe. "she took that torch into the dark forest and so many people followed," friend says. in the province of baluchistan, where separatists have fought a virulent insurgency, people have been disappearing regularly.
North Korean representatives have confirmed that Kim will be in the Russian capital for may 9 Victory day celebrations. this would mark Kim's first official foreign trip since inheriting the leadership of north Korea in late 2011. this year's Victory Day marks the 70th anniversary of the Soviet Union's victory over Nazi Germany in world war II.
Fethiye cetin is a prominent lawyer who represented Armenian-turkish journalist. her grandmother told her that her real name was heranus. her family survived the 1915 forced deportation.
italian aid worker giovanni lo porto was abducted by al qaeda in 2012. he was working on a reconstruction project in Pakistan when he was killed. lo Porto was killed accidentally by a u.s. drone strike, according to u.s. authorities.
former new england patriots tight end Aaron Hernandez was convicted of murder. he walked into court with an air of bravado, his head held high like a $40 million, NFL superstar. he didn't look ashamed or remorseful. he never wept.
the refusal of perpetrators to own up to their guilt remains one of the most disappointing aspects of Holocaust trials. on the opening day of his trial in Lüneburg, 93-year-old gröning acknowledged, "it is beyond me"
african investors are having a considerable impact on London's property market. they mainly come from just six countries: Nigeria, Ghana, Congo, Gabon, Cameroon and Senegal. foreign investors see London as a "safe haven" for prime property investments.
"the worry now is to get Nepal up and running again on feet," geologist and science journalist Kate Ravilious says. earthquakes of magnitude 4 or 5 occur several times each year, she says.
this page includes the show transcript. use the transcript to help students with reading comprehension and vocabulary. at the bottom of the page, comment for a chance to be mentioned on CNN Student news. you must be a teacher or a student age 13 or older to request a mention on the CNN Student News Roll Call.
al Qaeda took american aid worker Warren Weinstein hostage in 2011. in 2012, his family paid money to his captors. it did not lead to his release, and he was inadvertently killed in an anti-terror strike in January.
"grey's anatomy's" hunky character, played by Patrick dempsey, dies. dempsey still has a year left on his contract. fans are still in shock.
1.5 million ethnic Armenians were systematically killed in the final years of the Ottoman empire. 91 percent of Turks do not believe that the events of 1915 were genocide. many Armenians living in turkey still feel treated as second-class citizens.
the first set of female quintuplets in the world since 1969 was born in Houston on April 8. parents Danielle and Adam and big sister Blayke are now a family of eight. "i honestly give all the credit to my god," said Danielle busby.
"yes, for all intents and purposes, I'm a woman," former olympic gold medalist says. "so very proud of you, my hero," tweeted daughter Kendall Jenner. "brothers really are heros," ex-wife Kris Jenner tweeted.
a million Armenians were killed during the last days of the Ottoman empire. aaron miller: the decimation of our people was reduced to a footnote in tomes.
tobacco companies including Philip Morris and R.J. Reynolds filed suit this week against the FDA. they allege that the FDA is violating the companies' free speech rights.
more than 44 million americans are taking part in a medical ritual: visiting the doctor for an annual physical exam. there's little evidence that those visits actually do any good for healthy adults. 92 percent of americans say it is important to get an annual head-to-toe physical exam.
"the eureka factor" explains how to clear out mental junk, in order to make way for pivotal revelations. the book explains how to clear out mental junk, in order to make way for pivotal revelations.
a 14-year-old boy was taken into custody after encouraging an attack on an australian parade. he also urged the beheading of "someone in australia," police say.
a newly discovered frog has a distinct resemblance to a certain "not easy being green" muppet. some children and teens are using suction to make their lips look like Kyle Jenner's.
the second season of "daredevil" will be coming in 2016. the show focuses on attorney Matt murdock, who was blinded as a child. it's gotten rave reviews.
YouTube is striving to improve the quality of its content by investing in "YouTube Spaces" like the one in Tokyo, where "creators" have access to professional studios, training, and many resources. the site is celebrating 10 years since the first 19-second video "me at the zoo" was uploaded.
#KylieJennerChallenge has been trending on twitter in recent days. lip plumping by sucking on a jar. to look like kim kardashian.
the project is tentatively titled "The Rocky Horror Picture Show Event" the special will be filmed in advance and not air live. there is no plan yet for when the adaptation will air.
102-year-old dancer Alice barker went back in time with help from some filmmakers. she was a dancer in such new york nightspots as the cotton club and the cafe zanzibar.
protesters rally at Baltimore city hall on Thursday, and another march is planned for Saturday. they want answers about what happened to Freddie gray, and why.
"avengers: age of ultron" co-stars Jeremy Renner and christopher evans are in hot water. both actors apologized for comments they made during a press tour.
common has closed a deal to join the cast of "suicide squad" the all-star action movie features DC entertainment super-villains. he is currently on screen with Warners' "run all night"
a magnitude-7.8 quake struck on saturday in Nepal, killing more than 10,000 people. john sutter: it's the worst quake to hit the country since 1934. sutter: many of the newly homeless will be living in cramped conditions.
"snipers" from the animals' farm gunned down the buffalo on the side of the road. "it was turning into the wild, wild, west," sheriff says.
a jury returns guilty verdicts in the hazing death of a florida a&m drum major. drum major Robert champion died in 2011 after a band hazing ritual.
"sopranos" creator explains the reason behind the famous final scene. "the tension is quite high now, but if you think about it, for no real reason," chase says. "there's no real reason for the tension to ratchet up," he says.
an internal inquiry by the Tulsa County sheriff's office in 2009 concluded that reserve deputy Robert Bates was shown special treatment and that training policies were violated. Bates is the volunteer deputy who fatally shot suspect Eric Harris instead of stunning him with a Taser on April 2.
geoffrey lewis was a prolific character actor. he appeared with Clint eastwood in "every which way but loose" and its sequel.
"he savored it all: the good, the bad, the indifferent," says colleague Richard Zoglin. corliss died a week after suffering a major stroke, according to a tribute on time's website.
one of the pilots was stopped during security checks as the flight prepared to depart. he was arrested on suspicion of possession of an offensive weapon in a public place.
"all the light we cannot see" won the Pulitzer Prize for fiction. "between Riverside and crazy," a play by Stephen Adly Guirgis, won the Pulitzer for drama. "the sixth extinction: an unnatural history" won the Pulitzer for nonfiction.
people on the no-fly list are prohibited from boarding a commercial flight. the number of people on the list is classified. an official told CNN in 2012 that the list contained about 21,000 names.
buddae-jjigae -- or "army stew" as it's often called -- dates back to the scarce years of the Korean war when local cooks had to get inventive with rations. this particular version just happens to feature a variety of canned, precooked meat, most notably SPAM in all its gelatinous glory.
this is week three of an ongoing series: a catholic reads the bible. read week one and week two.
full employee screening would not "appreciably increase the overall system-wide protection" only two major airports in the u.s. -- Miami and Orlando -- require employees to be screened. the TSA and most airports could not afford 100% employee screening.
police cut off the driver's seat belt, then dragged her away to start medical care. not a minute later, flames licked out of the car. the woman has been charged with driving while intoxicated, having an open container of alcohol.
actor mindy kaling's brother says he posed as a black man to get into medical school. he says the experience opened his eyes to what he calls the hypocrisy of affirmative action. there's little evidence to suggest his posturing as a "black" applicant helped him get into these schools.
professor mark goodacre was series adviser and one of many on-camera experts on "finding Jesus" viewers were invited to tweet and post their questions on the "Finding Jesus" facebook page.
four rainbows appeared to stretch across the early morning sky on Tuesday. in rural china, hiring exotic dancers to perform at wakes is increasingly common practice.
"big hero 6" fabric didn't include the female characters from the movie. a licensing manager for the company said, "eeeww girls! Yuck! haha"
this week is the 100th anniversary of what many historians acknowledge as the Armenian genocide. it's also the seventh year in a row president Barack Obama has broken his promise to use the word "genocide" to describe the atrocity. it's a moral position taken by Pope Francis, actor George Clooney and even by the Kardashians.
"the shake was like nothing i have experienced in my 57 years," says a witness. "people are very worried & are planning to stay out on the street overnight," he says. "relatives are crying in the main government hospital where the dead are being lined up"
john avlon: america is a nation divided, but has Ohio found a way to bridge those divisions? avlon: we have been able to drive meaningful change on many thorny issues.
two of the best actresses on television are back on "the big bang theory" "saturday night live" host scarlett Johannsson is the day after her new "avengers" movie opens nationwide.
Joel Burger and Ashley King of illinois accepted the fast food chain's offer to pay for their wedding. "we are very appreciative of Burger King and can't thank them enough for their generosity," said King. "we were shocked (and still are)," said King.
cnn's john sutter is reporting on climate change for the rest of the year. he's asking you to vote on the first story he'll report on for the "2 degrees" series. sutter: "this one little number carries huge importance"
"Bones" Jones is wanted for questioning after a hit-and-run accident. a pregnant woman in her 20s who was driving another vehicle suffered minor injuries. police stressed that they cannot confirm whether Jones was involved in the crash.
the beating occurred on a metrolink light rail train. the victim said a young black man asked his opinion about the shooting of michael brown.
nine of ten mostly foreign prisoners on death row in Indonesia have been given 72 hours notice. they will face a firing squad.
five people were initially reported missing, but one of them has since been rescued. more than 100 sailboats took part in the dauphin island race.
Betty whitehead willis, the designer of the iconic "welcome to fabulous las vegas" sign, died over the weekend. she was 91.
"my first bow kill, lol. the only good feral tomcat is one with an arrow through it's head!" says vet of the year award winner. dr. Kristen Lindsey allegedly shot an arrow into the back of an orange tabby's head.
a deal on allocation of tickets has been reached for the may 2 fight between Floyd mayweather and Manny Pacquiao. disagreements have hampered the release of the tickets because of questions over how many tickets would be allocated to each fighter. the cheapest tickets for the bout are priced at $1,500 but demand is such that some seats could fetch as much as $11,000 on the secondary market.
strippers are invited to perform at funerals, often at great expense, to attract more mourners. china's ministry of culture announces a crackdown on these funeral stripteases.
a new CNN/ORC poll finds 57% feel businesses should be required to serve gay or lesbian couples just as they would heterosexual couples. 41% say they should be allowed to refuse service for religious reasons. that's a shift from a pew research center poll conducted last fall.
there has been a recent upsurge in migrant boats crossing the Mediterranean into italy. from Friday to Monday, a total of 8,480 migrants were rescued, according to the italian coast guard.
on monday, shooting suspect james Holmes goes on trial for 165 counts, including murder and attempted murder charges. on july 20, 2012, a gunman opened fire on the audience at a movie theater in Aurora, colorado.
for 25 years, Ali addeh refugee camp has been a holding point for those fleeing into djibouti. many though say it's been years and they're tired of waiting. for those willing to pay, there's another route to a new life.
the woman is seen pulling her masked son away from a crowd, smacking him in the head repeatedly. the boy is dressed in dark pants and a black hoodie, with a dark backpack on.
there's not a huge amount of visible damage, but there's some damage to houses and buildings. most buildings are not up to high construction standards, but it's not as visual as the 2010 Haiti earthquake. temporary shelters have been put up, but very few -- 16 -- by the government.
gunshots were fired at rapper Lil Wayne's tour bus early Sunday in Atlanta. no one was injured in the shooting, and no arrests have been made.
"we are asking you to punish jahar by imprisoning him for the rest of his life," attorney says. "no punishment could ever be equal to the terrible effects of this crime," he says.
the death toll has skipped past 3,000 and climbs, inexorably. Across town the bus station is a hive of activity as scores try urgently to leave the city, to make it out to the outlying areas. neighbors stare forlornly at their former homes, now collapsed piles of rubble.
Freddie gray's family had asked there be quiet on Baltimore's streets the day they laid him to rest. but a handful of people repeated the family's message against countless young people. "i want them all to go back home," said rev. jamal Bryant.
"there are no words to do justice to the disappointment and heartbreak we are going through," wife says. "we do not yet fully understand all of the facts surrounding Warren's death," she adds. gunmen abducted Weinstein in 2011 from his home in lahore, parkistan.
"enough was enough," a professor at texas a&m galveston says in an email to students. Irwin Horwitz says students spread hurtful rumors about him, his wife and colleagues. university officials say the department head will take over teaching the class.
john sutter: it's hard to underestimate the task at hand. sutter: it's hard to figure out whether it's actually going to work.
the Nepali Pranksters were in the middle of shooting an episode for their hidden camera series. the team kept the camera rolling as they traversed the streets. they found homes destroyed, where people were pulling survivors out of piles of rubble.
india began planning a massive cross-border aid mission within hours of the first 7.8 magnitude quake. india delivered 187 tons of supplies, including 50 tons of water, 22 tons of food and 2 tons of medicine. india's prime minister has made a special effort over Nepal.
Arthur Baldwin, 29, was arrested at a woman's residence in southeast washington. he has been placed on administrative leave and his security clearance has been suspended.
south korean prime minister offers to resign amid a growing political scandal. he will stay in his official role until president park geun-hye accepts his resignation. he has transferred his role of chairing Cabinet meetings to the deputy prime minister.
"we were sitting here in base camp, feeling the situation was getting better," climber says. "and immediately after the shock, we hear avalanches from all the mountains around us," he says.
four-month-old son is pulled from rubble after 7.8-magnitude quake. he was trapped for 22 hours under fallen rocks, beams, bricks and dust. he was taken to a hospital and found to be uninjured.
none of the girls rescued from raided Boko Haram camps has been identified as among the missing Chibok girls, a high-ranking Nigerian army official said. the official did not rule out that captives from other Boko Haram camps might be girls abducted in April 2014 from a school in Chibok.
ten people have been sentenced to life in prison for their roles in the 2012 attack on malala yousafzai. the assailant's conviction and sentences follow a trial that included testimony from both sides.
the main highway out of Kathmandu shows massive cracks, the tarmac torn apart by the force of this huge quake. one lane is bisected by gaping, half-meter (1.5 feet) fissures, allowing passage for those desperate citizens to reach their families. 90% of the houses are currently uninhabitable; some are still standing, but seem precarious.
the executions of "bali nine" duo, Andrew Chan and myuran sukumaran, will be a different story. their deaths will result in short to medium term frictions between Canberra and Jakarta at the highest levels.
sen. Bernie Sanders could make an announcement within days, reports CNN's Nia-Malika Henderson. ohio gov. John Kasich isn't in a rush to make a formal declaration of candidacy.
australians are appalled by the brutal and pointless executions of Andrew chan and myuran sukumaran. australia's actions raise more general questions about the powers we give to states.
the state's attorney's decision on whether to file charges against the six officers involved in the arrest will not be immediate. "we will continue to follow the evidence wherever it goes," police commissioner says.
robert downey Jr. walked out of an interview with a journalist who dared to veer away from the superhero movie. peggy drexler: did journalist Krishnan Guru-Murthy go too far?
police thwart a terrorist plot by a radicalized couple, a terrorism researcher tells CNN. prosecutors say a man and a woman were arrested on suspicion of planning an attack. police recovered a pipe bomb ready to be used, ammunition, a gun and hydrogen peroxide.
abe's appearance has garnered much less attention than last month's speech to congress by Israeli prime minister Benjamin Netanyahu. the immediate battle in congress is not over the TPP directly, but something called trade promotion authority, or "fast-track"
a west hollywood waiter was offered an "in" to a coveted boxing match-up. "i said 'i can help you make this fight happen,' and he looked at me like, 'Okay, I'm listening,'" said Gabriel Salvador. "if this fight happens, you're going to be sitting there," said Salvador.
"my only wish is to set the record straight about the past. before I die," says 89-year-old sex slave Kim bok-dong. Kim says she spent five years as a sex slave of the Japanese army, from 1940 onwards. "when it was over, I couldn't even get up," she says.
up to 200 people are missing as a result of a landslide in a popular trekking area. "we never imagined this would happen to us. This much pain," says a mourner.
relief flights to remote village of Melamchi, central Nepal, have arrived. the operation is only the third of its kind to reach the village since the quake. local official says the situation in the village and surrounding villages is "dire"
"i'm not comfortable with it," judge Jerry baxter says of the sentences he handed down. baxter had come under fire from some community leaders for giving prison sentences to eight teachers and administrators.
the walkout occurred on the set of "the ridiculous six" near Las Vegas. the script called for native women's names such as "beaver's breath" and "no bra"
a wave of anti-immigrant violence has swept the country in recent days, leaving several dead. some blame alleged inflammatory comments about foreign nationals from the Zulu king. others say a labor dispute between locals and foreigners turned nasty.
beginning friday, blue uniform shirts will be traded for white ones for command staff members. the change is part of an effort to ensure "accountability, professionalism and transparency" the new color will be worn by majors, district commanders, deputy chiefs, assistant chiefs and the chief of police.
"X-Men: Apocalypse" director Bryan singer announced via Instagram that Olivia munn will play the telepathic Psylocke in the follow-up to "X-Men: days of future past" "apocalypse" is currently in production for a summer 2016 release.
photographer Laurence rasti traveled to denizli, turkey, to photograph gays and lesbians. "i couldn't understand that in Iran (homosexuality) isn't accepted," she said. she hopes the images will give back to each of these people the face that their country has "temporarily stolen"
Jeremy Renner's "avengers" character was a guest on "the tonight show starring Jimmy fallon" he crooned to a reworked version of "Thinking out loud"
a group of fighters in Afghanistan agreed to be filmed by a CNN cameraman parading their ISIS flags in a valley. they are the first images of their kind shot by western media inside Afghanistan. the rise of ISIS is an issue that the Afghan president, Ashraf Ghani, has termed a "terrible threat"
"we have much more confidence in her than we have in the police," says lead attorney for Freddie gray's family. a 10 p.m. citywide curfew was put into effect two days ago. supporters of the former insurance company lawyer express confidence in her ability to handle case.
jared leto portrays the clown prince of crime in the upcoming movie "suicide squad" leto put on white makeup (and a lot of tattoos this time) for the role.
Jay z used the hashtag #TidalFacts to refute talk that the company has been doing a less than stellar job in taking on competitor Spotify. he launched the subscription-based music service last month with a star-studded news conference.
thousands remain missing in Nepal after a devastating earthquake struck the region on saturday. a handful are adventurers, trekkers and vacationers who have not been heard from since the catastrophe. the death toll in Nepal has now surpassed more than 5,000.
former rap mogul pleads not guilty to murder and other charges in hit-and-run incident. knight faces up to life in prison if convicted. he is accused of running over two men during an argument in a restaurant parking lot.
cosmologist Stephen Hawking has partnered with the silly lads of monty Python. they've recreated the signature "Galaxy song" from their 1983 film "the meaning of life" the collabo is in honor of Saturday's record store day.
Iran's elite revolutionary guard's quds force is already training, advising and supporting Iraqi Shia militias in their fight against ISIS. "if our imam, our supreme leader orders us, we will destroy ISIS totally," one commander said.
the sequel to the box office blockbuster will hit theaters on february 10, 2017. the third film in the series will debut on february 9, 2018. the husband of EL James, author of the "fifty shades" trilogy, will write the script.
as the Great Kate wait of 2015 drags on, bets on the arrival of a new baby girl continue to be placed at a feverish rate. as the daughter of the second-in-line to the throne, her role will be significant.
"real beauty is quiet. Especially in this town, it's just so hard not to say, 'Oh, I need to look like that,' " she tells people. "as long as I'm healthy and strong... I can look in the mirror and like who I see," she says.
as the world awaits the impending birth of the couple's second baby, potential names have become the topic of rampant speculation. if the assumptions are correct, she will be the first Princess of Cambridge born into the royal family in 182 years.
"he can finally realize his need to be who he authentically is, who he was born to be," says Linda Thompson. the two met in 1979 at a celebrity tennis tournament at the playboy mansion.
john avlon: sen. Bernie Sanders is barely known to the general public. avlon: he is, without a question, an authentic voice who speaks without fear.
the odds of congress passing another new deal or great society are minimal. but at the state and local level, liberal Democrats have found more political space.
a 15-year-old boy is pulled from the rubble of a multistory residential building. a large crowd cheers as he is carried out on a stretcher. a u.s. special forces team rescues 30 people, including three americans, by helicopter.
fabien le coq's photo series "treesome" reflects his unique way of interacting with the world around him. each image is special because it represents different feelings at different points in time.
dzhokhar "jahar" tsarnaev's defense team is seeking to spare him from a death sentence. they have focused on his brother, portraying him as harsh, overbearing and bent on jihad. the sentencing phase of the federal case will resume Monday.
mui Thomas was born with harlequin ichthyosis. her skin is extremely thick, dry and flaky -- resembling fish scales. she's thought to be the fourth oldest person alive with harlequin ichthyosis.
past Tony winner and three-time nominee Mary-Louise Parker unveiled the nominees with Bruce willis. the awards are set to be handed out June 7 in a ceremony airing live at 8 p.m. on CBS.
"the decision was taken without consulting the legitimate Libyan side," haftar says. "you need to deal with the Libyan crisis as a whole," he says.
in 2010, at the height of cartel violence, the city averaged 8.5 killings per day. five years later, local officials say the city is much safer. plans are underway to lure foreign tourists and investors back to Juarez.
abe missed a great opportunity to dispel worries and tensions he raises with his revisionist views on history. this "abenesia" is harmful to Japan's international image, riles china and south Korea. the newly expanded security role embraced by Japan enjoys little support among Japanese.
decomposed corpses were discovered buried in shallow graves in northeastern Nigerian town of Damasak. the town had recently been freed from the terror group in a joint Nigerian-Chadian military operation.
airstrikes were carried out in the occupied golan heights against four militants. three of the alleged attackers were killed, Israeli media reported.
the FBI's goal is to prevent "homegrown attacks" before they happen. when acts of domestic terror do occur, the FBI investigates and tries to catch those responsible.
a prosecutor has dismissed allegations that argentine president Cristina Fernandez de Kirchner tried to cover up Iran's involvement in a 1994 bombing in Buenos aires. the move by prosecutor Javier de Luca to drop the case could mean a definitive end to the accusations that have roiled the nation.
April 27 is celebrated as freedom day in south africa, commemorating the country's first democratic elections in 1994. the day is widely seen as marking the start of a free south africa after the fall of apartheid. this year's celebrations come against the backdrop of a spate of anti-immigrant attacks earlier in April.
cnn's john sutter talks to survivors of the quake in Kathmandu, Nepal. sutter: "everywhere, survivors gathered wherever they could find open space" "i heard from everyone except my mother. i foolishly went into the house for a second time"
NATO's joint warrior exercises are underway off and around Britain's coast. 13,000 personnel from 14 countries are operating more than 50 ships and submarines. NATO says the planning started long before Russia began behaving as an adversary.
26-year-old Anamarie shreeves lives a zero-waste lifestyle. shreeves doesn't use plastic packaging, new clothing, no metal cans, no cars. shreeves has collected six months' worth of garbage in nearly half a year.
a 5-year-old doberman pincher ate three watches last week. her owners took her to the MSPCA's angell animal medical center. the veterinarian removed "about a pound of leather straps and metal pieces and detritus"
the spacecraft will re-enter the Earth's atmosphere in about a week, Roscosmos says. the spacecraft lost contact with flight controllers during a resupply mission to the ISS.
roxanne jones: riots in 1980 were the first major "race riots" since the 1960s. jones: police action, or more specifically perceived unjust police action, was catalyst for riots.
Kate Parker's series, "strong is the new pretty," is a collection of photos of her daughters. "i didn't want to shoot pictures like that. I didn't want girls to think they had to look like that," says Parker. "i want to capture them before they lose that sense of 'i'm strong,' " she says.
"secret garden: an inky treasure hunt & coloring book" is no. 3 on amazon. "enchanted forest: an inky quest & coloring book" is no. 6 on amazon. "coloring is absolutely a growing trend," publisher says.
heavy drinking among americans rose 17.2 percent between 2005 and 2012. binge drinking is defined as four or more drinks for women and five or more drinks for men. binge drinking among women increased more than seven times the rate among men.
the actress said she suffers from macular degeneration and glaucoma. doctors have not given a definitive timeline on when she can expect to lose all visibility.
the state's legislature passed a bill raising the minimum legal age to buy tobacco. the bill will now go before governor. David Ige, whose signature would make it law.
the founder of weight watchers died at her home in florida. she was 91. "it's choice -- not chance -- that determines your destiny," she said.
the risk for both diseases goes up for everyone after age 60, with some people, especially african americans, at higher risk in their 40s. macular degeneration is a breakdown of the part of the retina that allows us to see fine details in the center of vision.
golfers have long underestimated the athleticism necessary to execute the perfect swing. but with fit golfers like tiger woods, Adam scott, and now jordan spieth, the training perspective on golf is shifting. yoga is increasingly appealing to golfers.
142 people have tested positive for HIV, with 136 confirmed cases and six more with preliminary positive test results. the outbreak has been ongoing since mid-December.
a high school student in Singapore posted a logic problem on facebook. the problem was meant to test students competing in the math competition.
92-year-old died this week at her home in Simsbury, Connecticut. as a 19-year-old telephone operator, she posed for the painting that would become the cover of the Saturday Evening post on may 29, 1943.
acetaminophen, the main ingredient in Tylenol, reduces not only pain but pleasure, as well. researchers: acetaminophen can be seen as an all-purpose emotion reliever.
a judge ordered a 17-year-old teen into custody of the state in december. she ran away in an effort to discontinue chemo, claiming she did not want to be treated. now that her treatment is complete, the order of custody ends, her attorney says.
the supreme court will hear oral arguments in a case that could decide whether gay and lesbian couples nationwide have the constitutional right to marry. the question at the core of Obergefell v. hodges is one of the most consequential debates of the early 21st century.
CDC considers likelihood of bird to human transmission of the virus "low" "the risk to humans is low, our food supply is safe," says the u.s. department of agriculture.
when the earthquake hit, many of Nepal's most renowned pagodas crumbled into stumps. but the Kathmandu Valley's other pagodas suffered surprisingly little damage. the worst architectural losses include the Shiva temple pagoda and its twin, the Narayan temple pagoda.
a 3.69-carat white, teardrop-shaped diamond was found at a state park in arkansas. "are you going to bless me and let me find a diamond today?" was susie Clark's prayer.
the latest estimates from seismologists put the magnitude at 7.9. that's less than half the size of the previous major event nearby in 1934.
Powers joined the cast of "good times" for its sixth and final season from 1978 to 1979. he also had a regular role as "Moochie" on the CBS detective show, Mickey Spillane's Mike Hammer.
Nepalese and international medical teams are treating the injured in Gorkha. one of the biggest challenges is reaching affected people in remote mountainous areas. the facility is simply not big enough to handle such calamity.
photographer Ken hermann visited the flower market in Kolkata, india, for his project "Flower man" "(the flower sellers) woke my curiosity. but at that time, I didn't really have the time to do the project," hermann said.
Irwin Horwitz accused his students of "backstabbing, game playing, cheating, lying" he threatened to fail the entire class if they didn't improve their grades. "i will stand by what I did, but I'm not career suicidal," he says.
a growing number of Japanese businesses are testing out robots as a possible solution to the country's shrinking workforce. "nao" is a customer service robot that answers basic questions and is designed to speak 19 languages. "pepper" is a humanoid robot that "chats" with customers.
reigning world champion Lewis Hamilton wins the china grand prix. teammate Nico Rosberg finishes second to renew his rivalry with the british driver. the german claims his race was hampered by Rosberg's slow driving.
actor richard dysart dies of cancer at his home in Santa Monica, california. he gained fame playing law firm leader leland McKenzie on "l.a. law" he appeared in every episode of the show from 1986 to 1994.
longtime friend of Joni Mitchell files legal petition seeking to be named singer-songwriter's conservator. leslie Morris is described as Mitchell's friend of more than 44 years in the legal documents.
president obama refuses to look with clear eyes at the chief security challenges of the 21st century. peter bergen: the results of the Obama White House's innovative efforts can be accounted for in the ever-growing numbers of victims of radical Islam.
a new documentary series about Bruce Jenner's transition from male to female is set to premiere this summer. fans are eagerly awaiting bearing witness to the former Olympian's journey.
north korea's enigmatic ruler was expected to be preparing for a visit to Moscow. it was to have been his first official international trip since he came to power in 2011. but this week, Russia announced that the trip had been canceled.
for-profit colleges account for nearly half of all student loan defaults, according to the u.s. department of education. roxanne jones: we can't afford to continue funding for-profit colleges.
"the migration of the negro," by jacob Lawrence, depicted the lives of pre-world war ii blacks. some people blame president obama for racial tension in america.
Freddie gray was arrested on the morning of April 12 without incident, police say. less than an hour after he was detained, officers transporting him called for a medic. he subsequently slipped into a coma, dying a week after his initial arrest.
Venezuelan native maickel melamed, who is battling muscular dystrophy, completes the 26.2 miles. "he wants to show that life is great, no matter how many problems you have," friend says.
Volvo says it will begin exporting vehicles made in a factory in southwest china to the united states next month. parent company geely Automobile, which bought Volvo in 2010, is seeking to prove that a Chinese company can manage a global auto brand.
Christopher scarver was sentenced to two life terms for killing Jeffrey dahmer in 1994. scarver said dahmer turned prison food into fake limbs covered with ketchup to resemble blood. "he crossed the line with some people -- prisoners, prison staff," scarver said.
"the decision is connected with north Korean domestic affairs," a Kremlin spokesman says. the visit was highly anticipated because it would have marked Kim's first official foreign trip.
google's popular real-time traffic app, waze, uses GPS navigation and crowdsourcing to alert users to traffic jams, automobile accidents, stalled cars. the app poses an enormous risk to deputies and police officers.
john avlon: a new book on foreign donors to the Clintons' charities is coming out. avlon: alleged conflicts of interest involve big foreign donors to charities.
Shanghai, like many large Chinese cities, rations license plates as it looks for a solution to its gridlocked roads and polluted skies. each month there are around 10,000 license plates available. Toyota, Volkswagen and Volvo all launched gasoline-electric hybrids for the Chinese market at the show.
police say rioting at a shopping mall and elsewhere started amid rumors of a "purge" the term appears to be a reference to 2013's "The purge" and its sequel, last year's "The purge: anarchy"
tanka maya sitoula, 40, was trapped in a room on the ground floor for 36 hours. "i heard people making noise outside so I thought I would be rescued," she says. "i was confident that my wife was safe and sound," her husband says.
baggage handlers are going on a shopping spree with passengers' bags. they don't know that they are being recorded on a hidden camera. "it's a problem we all face," said police Lt. Pete estis.
c-SPAN's live telecast of the white house correspondents' dinner was not strong. but there were some genuinely funny moments, although the ratio was low.
lifetime has greenlit "The unauthorized full house story" the telepic will look at the rise of the cast. an air date for the "Full house" tell-all has yet to be determined.
the explosion produced an extensive plume, but it was also described as smaller than the eruptions on April 22 and 23. "on a good day I can see about eight volcanoes," says Gregorio billikopf.
"furious 7" is sure to draw fans curious about how the film handles the real-life death of co-star Paul Walker. the usual flaws, plot bumps, muscle acting, tweet-length dialogue fade in the face of the camaraderie on and off screen.
"avengers: age of ultron" is presumed to be summer's presumed biggest franchise blockbuster. writer-director Joss whedon mixes some brooding down-time in with abundant spectacle. "avengers: infinity war parts 1 and 2" already scheduled for release in may of 2018 and 2019 respectively.
a 14-year-old girl was returned to mexico from texas on Wednesday. she was seized on friday in the colonial city of Guanajuato. a woman in Houston claimed she was the daughter of a Mexican national living in Houston.
the 27-year-old actress is best known for her roles on the BBC series "Ordinary Lies" she is followed by reality tv star and model Kendall Jenner.
"sharon, lois & bram's elephant show" co-star lois Lilienstein has died, aged 78. "she died very peacefully and not in pain," her son tells CBC news. the show ran on CBC in canada from 1984 to 1989.
Oscar-winning cinematographer andrew lesnie has died at age 59. lesnie spent more than a decade collaborating with director peter Jackson on "lord of the rings" and "Hobbit"
the couple announced the pregnancy in January. it is the first baby for both.
"passersby saw Kemp's body floating faced down in the water," police say. "just got paid" was a no. 1 hit on the u.s. billboard r&b chart.
"ban the box" is one item on a menu of fair-chance hiring reforms. the reduced economic output of people with records cost our economy $57-$65 billion in 2008.
supreme court heard oral arguments on marriage equality. ruben navarrette: the institution of marriage has already changed from long ago.
five men who once thrived off speaking english have been fired from their jobs. the skill they once thrived off has left them isolated, and fearing reprisals. Kabul's population is five times what it was when NATO arrived here.
tennis legend Andy Murray weds his long-term girlfriend, Kim sears, at Dunblane cathedral. the couple met at the u.s. open in 2005 and got engaged in November last year. cheering crowds spilled onto the streets to support their home-grown talent.
photographer Simon Brann Thorpe uses the area's harsh landscape as a powerful backdrop for soldiers posed as green plastic figurines. the soldiers are with the Polisario front, an independence movement that has been clashing with Morocco over the region since the mid-70s. the conflict in western sahara receives virtually zero coverage despite 2015 being the 40th anniversary of the outbreak of war there.
percy sledge's biggest hit, "When a Man Loves a Woman," became a cornerstone of soul music. "i hummed it all my life, even when I was picking and chopping cotton in the fields," he told the rock and roll hall of fame.
Southwest airlines offered the most award tickets, 11.9 million, and the highest percentage of award tickets. at the bottom of the list was jetBlue, which offered the lowest percentage of award seats.
Gulnaz was raped by her cousin's husband and jailed for adultery. she was pardoned and released courtesy of a presidential pardon. instead of a new start, what followed for her was a quiet, Afghan solution.
attorney for Freddie gray's family alleges that police are involved in a cover-up. "how was Mr. gray injured? Were our proper protocols and procedures actually followed?" asks mayor. video shows police dragging and throwing Freddie gray into a police vehicle while he screams.
deliberations resumed on the 10th day of deliberations. jurors said they were unable to reach a unanimous decision.
four rainbows stretched across the early morning sky on tuesday in the new york area. "i looked a little bit closer and saw that there were actually four," a woman said.
JAXA announces plans to land an unmanned rover on the surface of the moon by 2018. the move could be seen as japan's attempt to play catchup to its Asian neighbors. along with china, the united states and the former Soviet union are the only other nations who have so far landed craft on the moon.
"he was embarrassing himself by wearing that mask and that hoodie and doing what he was doing," toya graham tells "anderson cooper 360 " the video of graham yanking her son and slapping him with a right hand has led to the Internet calling Graham #motheroftheyear.
five militants from the Kurdistan workers' party were killed and another wounded. four Turkish soldiers also were wounded in the fighting in the eastern city of Agri.
the USS Independence was scuttled in 1951 during weapons testing near the farallon islands. it was a massive guinea pig for two atomic bomb blasts.
migrant tells investigators that many on lower levels of the boat were trapped inside. "it's nothing less than genocide, really," prime minister says of human traffickers.
creflo dollar responded to critics of his campaign to buy a luxury jet. "the devil thinks) I got to discredit that man before he starts showing people Jesus!" he said.
boxing isn't fading away because we've finally awoken to its brutality. the rocket rise of MMA's premier organization has matched boxing's dramatic decline. boxing isn't fading away because we've finally awoken to its brutality.
a bus collided with a fuel tanker in southern Morocco, killing at least 35 people. the dead included athletes traveling for a sporting competition, an eyewitness says.
"if you can, call me," marleni olivo wrote on a mango. she tossed it at maduro, who calmly picked it up and held it up to the crowd. maduro later mentioned the incident in one of his customary live TV broadcasts.
ag Loretta l. lynch's first order of business is to re-establish order in Baltimore, where the national guard has been mobilized and a state of emergency declared. "i intend to work with leaders throughout Baltimore to ensure that we can protect the security and civil rights of all residents," l. lynch said.
Ben affleck lobbied to remove any reference to his great-great-great grandfather who owned slaves. the show's producer apparently acquiesced to affleck's request.
the helicopter crashed near kampung pasir baru in semenyih. among the victims were Azlin Alias, who worked on the prime minister's staff. jamaluddin Jarjis was a former ambassador to the united states.
john sutter talks with president obama about climate change and public health. sutter: "no challenge poses more of a public threat than climate change" the president credits the clean air act with making americans "a lot" healthier.
two australian drug smugglers are awaiting death by firing squad on Indonesia's "execution island" for their role in a failed 2005 heroin smuggling plot. lawyers for the pair had argued that president joko widodo had failed to individually consider their cases.
"i wanted to keep this private, but recently the story broke to the world," Nick loeb wrote. "embryonic custody disputes raise important questions about life, religion and parenthood," he wrote.
six survivors of the paris kosher supermarket siege are suing a french media outlet. they say the outlet broadcast their location live during the hostage-taking.
u.s. drone strike kills two aid workers held hostage on the Afghanistan-pakistan border. rogue regimes seize hostages to extract concessions, humiliate the u.s. or signal unease. the use of hostages to dampen enthusiasm surrounding reconciliation is part of a consistent pattern.
a band called the "slants" sought to protect its name. the u.s. patent and trademark office said the name was disparaging to Asians.
the boat, named airone, was intercepted some 90 kilometers from the Libyan port of misrata. rifle shots were accidentally fired, and one of the seven fisherman on board was slightly injured.
the suspected gunman is identified as 20-year-old Kenneth Morgan Stancil III. "this is not a random situation. it is an isolated situation," a sheriff's spokesman says.
a smuggler in the Libyan capital of tripoli laid bare the system for loading boats with poor and desperate refugees. an estimated 1,600 migrants have died so far this year on the dangerous Mediterranean crossing.
scientists: Yellowstone's magma reserves are many magnitudes greater than previously thought. underneath the park's attractions and walking paths is enough hot rock to fill the Grand Canyon nearly 14 times over. scientists created the first three-dimensional depiction of the geothermal structure under yellowstone.
Netflix has ordered up a "full house" reunion and spinoff series. the show will feature candace Cameron bure, who played eldest daughter D.J. in the original series. "it's sort of a role reversal, and we turn the house over to her," Stamos said.
Hungarian architect matyas gutai believes that water is the perfect material for keeping a house at a comfortable temperature. he built a prototype house in his hometown of Kecskemet, south of Budapest, after years of research and development. the house is actually able to reheat itself, when its hot excess heat is stored.
the warships are being deployed to monitor ships traveling from Iran. they could be trafficking arms to Houthi rebels in Yemen, officials say.
shelling began to boom through the Yemeni city of aden on thursday afternoon. since Saudi Arabia began aerial raids march 26, it has launched more than 1,200 airstrikes. a good portion of the armaments the Saudis send in on guided parachutes fall instead into houthi hands.
a 54-year-old man carrying a suspicious package scaled a white house fence. the man is in custody and charges are pending. the package was being examined and later deemed to be harmless.
pilot reported hearing unusual banging on flight bound for los angeles. ramp agent was discovered inside the front cargo hold. he told authorities he had fallen asleep.
the game at Oriole park at camden yards is scheduled to begin at 2:05 p.m. ET. it follows the postponements of Monday's and Tuesday's games against the white sox.
"these guys just gutted it out," says Wisconsin head coach bo ryan. the wildcats are the first men's team to have a 38-0 record. they will face four-time national champ Duke in the title game.
the 6th circuit court of appeals penned the only recent appellate court decision to uphold state bans on same-sex marriage. the split helped pave the way for the u.s. supreme court to take up a case that could ultimately decide whether gay and lesbian couples nationwide have a constitutional right to marry.
new belgian brewery and the folks at Ben & Jerry's are teaming up on a beer inspired by ice cream. "the results will be delicious," says new belgian's director of sustainability. the beer is set to hit shelves in the fall.
the spacecraft MESSENGER is about to crash onto the planet. MESSENGER will hit the planet at 8,750 mph (3.91 kilometers per second) around April 30.
the previous round of talks between the rebels and the government failed in January. the airstrikes resumed after rebel forces attacked a government military brigade.
attacks against foreigners and their businesses rage on, killing at least six people this week. this is not the first time xenophobic violence has exploded in a country that tries to portray itself as a diverse nation. in January, looters burned businesses owned by foreigners in another wave of attacks.
gruesome beheadings by ISIS have galvanized international opposition to the group. psychology professor says the spate of beheadings may be encouraging copy-cat acts. a similar copy-cat effect had been observed with the phenomenon of school mass shootings.
"we can only trust in God for a miracle at this time," her grandmother says. the 22-year-old is no longer in a medically induced coma, her grandmother says.
opening statements in the trial of james Holmes are scheduled to begin monday. he admits to the shootings but says he was suffering "a psychotic episode"
a senior u.s. official had just held a meeting with a provincial governor when gunfire erupted. an Afghan soldier was killed and another was injured in a subsequent exchange of gunfire, police chief says.
officer michael slager was arrested after raw video surfaced showing him firing numerous shots at Walter Scott as he ran away from a traffic stop. "we can't bring Mr. Scott back, but something like this today can have a bigger precedence than just what happened here," said an attorney for the victim's family.
more than 10,000 people have arrived from Libya since last weekend alone, according to the italian coast guard. when moammar gadhafi was in control, he also controlled the flow of migrant ships.
"they looked like hardened thugs, just by their intensity, the way they moved, the expressions on their faces," says photographer James Oatway. seven people have been killed in the latest round of xenophobic violence.
lz granderson: Freddie gray's death raises questions about police use of force. granderson: can the police stop you if all you do is run from them?
"we appeal to anyone with any info on #Gamadhere to share with relevant authorities and security agencies," ministry tweets. "mohamud is credited with having an extensive terrorist network within Kenya," document says. another terrorist involved in the attack is identified as abdirahim Abdullahi.
"we expect better days economically and culturally," says one woman in central Tehran. "my country will be free of the fear of war," says another man. the country's top military brass seemed surprisingly relaxed and unusually willing to speak with western media outlets.
"thugs" is the 21st century word for the n-word, says the rev. jamal Bryant. "these are not thugs, these are upset and frustrated children," he says.
dr. mehmet oz was accused of pushing "quack treatments... for personal financial gain" oz: he's increasingly serving himself at a cost to his university and hospital.
a top leader of the terrorist group lashkar-e-taiba was released early friday. he was charged in 2009, accused of masterminding the 2008 terror attacks that left more than 160 people dead.
beatriz paez said she was recording police activity. a deputy marshal grabbed her phone and smashed it with his foot.
Novak djokovic beats Thomas berdych 7-5, 4-6, 6-3 in the final of the monte carlo masters. the win extends his current winning streak to 17 matches. it was the Czech sixth seed's third loss in a final this year.
suzanne crough played youngest daughter Tracy on the '70s musical sitcom "the partridge family" she played tambourine and percussion in the traveling "partridge family" band.
the peaceful transition of power from president goodluck Jonathan to president Muhammadu Buhari is the first of its kind in history. for too long, Nigeria's poor have been victims of their country's enormous wealth.
"the breakfast crew" escaped from principal Richard Vernon 30 years ago. a draft script of the 1985 teen classic has just been found in a filing cabinet. "it's a first draft of the screenplay by John Hughes," superintendent says.
the court sentences 36 other defendants to life in prison. they were arrested in a sweeping crackdown on supporters of former president morsy. one of those sentenced to life in prison is a u.s.-egyptian activist.
sally kohn: equal pay day is a fictitious holiday marked by progressive women's groups. kohn: 77-cent wage gap is grossly overstated; women's agenda centers on pay equity.
mike downey: mlb had a problem last weekend as Baltimore reacted to Freddie gray's death. he says the Orioles' homestand presented a problem.
"Monty Python and the Holy Grail" premiered 40 years ago this week. the movie is a spoof of the Arthurian legend. it was a box office hit, making $5 million -- more than 10 times its budget.
green had an aortic aneurysm near the left valve of his heart. he had open heart surgery and missed the entire 2011-2012 season. six months after the surgery was the first time he set foot on a court.
police-involved killings and assaults on unarmed african-americans are unlikely to end soon. the advent of cell phone cameras and social media has allowed citizens to document police brutality.
a court in china has convicted veteran journalist gao Yu for revealing state secrets. gao, 71, immediately said she would appeal, her lawyer said. the government accused gao of disclosing a highly confidential document to an overseas news organization.
more than 160 patients in nine days have been rushed to hospitals for synthetic marijuana-related emergencies. "spice" and other similar synthetic drugs are often marketed as legal plant material coated with chemicals.
comedian took a fake tumble on the red carpet at the 2015 time 100 gala in new york. the stunt drew guffaws from the paparazzi and other onlookers. "I saw them, and I asked my publicist, 'Can I dive in front of them and act like I fell?'
social media responded in a big way to the announcement. terms like "#Hillary2016" and "#WhyImNotVotingforHillary" trended.
assange has been holed up in the Ecuadorian Embassy in London since June 2012. prosecutors want to question him about 2010 allegations that he raped one woman.
a report says north korea may have as many as 20 nuclear warheads. peter bergen says the number is only part of a troubling story.
a new medical technology, an easily applied microneedle patch, could be the key to eradicating worldwide polio. by applying it to the skin and pushing down, the vaccine is delivered in a matter of minutes. most people with polio have no symptoms; minor symptoms include limb pain.
myopia rates have doubled, even tripled, in most of east Asia over the last 40 years. reducing risk of myopia is easy, free and readily-available: get some sunlight. the mechanics of how sunlight protects their eyes are not clearly understood.
sally kohn: if elected, i will take a 23% pay cut to stand in solidarity with working women. kohn: closing the gender wage gap would pull half of working single moms out of poverty.
two tsa officers have been fired after conspiring to grope attractive men, police say. the scheme was discovered after an anonymous tip from a TSA employee in November. the TSA called the incident deplorable.
"do not engage in racial profiling," the training materials read. they include directives to "not tell or tolerate ethnic, racial or sexist jokes" the revised training notes include 140 pages of instruction and PowerPoint slides.
president hassan rouhani says he will sign a final nuclear agreement only if economic sanctions against the nation are removed on the first day of the deal's implementation. meanwhile, supreme leader ayatollah Ali Khamenei says he's neither in favor nor against the proposed deal because it isn't final.
"just Allah knows if we will survive this," an anbar official tells CNN. "where is al-abadi?" he asks, referring to the government at the capital. "just Allah knows if we will survive this," he says.
the u.s. has said it is too risky to conduct an evacuation of citizens from the area. neighboring Saudi Arabia has been conducting airstrikes in Yemen for more than three weeks. the bombings have decimated some cities, including aden.
a postage stamp-size certificate verifies a pilot's knowledge of the SFRA airspace. the SFRA airspace was developed to protect the Washington area further after the 9/11 terrorist attacks. noncompliance with the airspace requirements carries serious federal penalties.
scientists say new research seems to support the theory that what looks like a bone-dry red planet could be dotted with tiny puddles of salty water at night. experts have long thought that a particular kind of salt detected in martian soil could pull water vapor from the planet's thin atmosphere into the soil.
china's biggest auto show opens in Shanghai this week. the focus will be the latest offerings from an array of global car manufacturers. vehicle sales in china totaled 23.5 million units last year, almost a third more than in the united states.
martial law was lifted when the Thai king approved a request from prime minister general Prayuth Chan-ocha to proceed. new order grants military personnel powers to issue summons and arrest those who commit crimes against the royal family or against national stability. those who defied NCPO orders could be imprisoned for up to a year.
"the late show with david letterman" announced some of the guests for the talk show host's final month of broadcasts. among the notables are Oprah winfrey, who has had an on-and-off faux feud for years. the last "late show" will air Wednesday, may 20.
cell phone video shows a number of men throwing punches and even chairs into crowds of people. the fight took place in the food court area of resorts world casino.
the $16 million project was to include about 60 senior citizen apartments and a community center. the cause of the blaze was still under investigation. "this cannot be the legacy of Baltimore," pastor says.
aaron miller: Saudi airstrikes in Yemen likely have nothing to do with protecting a country's constitution. the kingdom's real motives seem clear if one looks at its history of not allowing regional competition.
about one-third of the migrants are from Eritrea on the east coast of africa. they deny they are heading to Europe and say they just want to go home. many others have died when smugglers' ships sink.
a two-minute video shows the scale of the avalanche that struck base camp on saturday. at least 17 people have been killed, with dozens injured and several missing. helicopters brought stranded climbers off the mountain monday.
former new england patriots star Aaron Hernandez is sentenced to life without parole. he was convicted of murdering onetime friend and marijuana dealer, odin Lloyd. "they got it wrong," he says as he's transported to a state prison.
"people were urinating off the balconies, throwing up in the elevators," a veteran says. "i come and I feel honored and I feel safe and that I belong," he says. the university of florida and the international office of Zeta Beta Tau are investigating.
sally kohn has been juggling training life with a full-time job, hectic commute and time with friends and family. kohn is lucky to count a handful of both experienced and aspiring triathletes among her friends.
New Horizons sent back its first color image of Pluto on tuesday. the probe is due to make its closest approach to Pluto on July 14. scientists have revised that view because of Pluto's size and location.
cnn's jill dougherty remembers a day at the Chicago daily news 70 years ago. she remembers the day the telegraph editor said "roosevelt is dead"
jihadi chiefs have a strategy beyond the battlefield. their treatment of female victims plays an important part in their ambitious radical strategy. human rights watch found "a system of organized rape and sexual assault, sexual slavery, and forced marriage"
methyl bromide is suspected to have been used improperly several times in the U.S. Virgin Islands. local officials say there is evidence methyl bromide was used at least twice at the gated Sirenusa resort.
Altamura man is the oldest Neanderthal to have his DNA extracted by researchers. spelunkers spied his skull staring blankly back at them from its nook in the lamalunga cave.
ISIS is clearly about religion -- its version of radical Islam -- but it is also about power. the reality is that that Sunni cause is going to endure for some time.
pope Francis will visit Cuba on his way to the united states in September, the Vatican said. the exact timing of the trip wasn't immediately released. the pope helped negotiate a diplomatic thaw between the two countries.
john avlon: the never ending Clinton story rumbles on, but what does she stand for? avlon: there are good grounds for a liberal primary challenge to Clinton.
"roots," the epic miniseries about an african-american slave and his descendants, had a staggering audience of over 100 million viewers back in 1977. now a&e networks are remaking the miniseries, to air in 2016. leVar Burton, who portrayed Kinte in the original, will co-executive produce.
eric liu: we let the violence stand for everything that's wrong with the things we already didn't like. liu: we are the authors of every page of Baltimore's story.
"true cross" is a powerful identifier for the faith of more than two billion people. to say something smacks of the "true cross" can mean it's a matter of divine certainty or of fraud.
underwater search area for missing mh370 could double in size. so far, teams have covered about 60% of priority search zone. families still have no answers about what happened to their loved ones.
"we shut down not out of fear, but for solidarity," co-owner of a Baltimore cafe says. "we shut down not out of fear, but for solidarity," she says. "we shut down not out of fear, but for solidarity," she says.
DC, Warner Bros. and mattel announce partnership to launch DC super hero girls. characters include wonder woman, supergirl, batgirl, Harley Quinn and poison ivy.
john sutter: five years after the gulf oil spill, what have we learned? he says the oil spill's legacy continues to haunt the region like a recurring cancer. sutter: though a kind of normalcy has returned, the oil is still there.
genealogist h.l. gates is accused of scrubbing part of a segment in his documentary series. gates said he subbed the segment for another that made for more "compelling television"
a white police officer killed an unarmed black man in a routine traffic stop. ruben navarrette: a predominantly black community seethes with rage.
the low-key video she released on Sunday announcing her run for the white house is filled with women -- young, old, black, white, Asian and Latina. "everyday americans need a champion, and I want to be that champion," she said in the video.
al Qaeda in the Arabian peninsula leader Ibrahim al-rubaish dies in an airstrike in Yemen. al-rubaish was once held by the u.s. government at its detention facility in guantanamo bay, Cuba.
"we live in an america now where the game is rigged," says sen. Elizabeth Warren. "we live in an America now where the game is rigged," she says.
ruben navarrette: police were blamed both for doing too little and for doing too much. navarrette: if there are criminally guilty cops, police have no problem with justice.
jurors will be asked to thoroughly examine those seven minutes in a trial that experts say could last months. the prosecution has said it will seek the death penalty.
a rocket carrying an uncrewed cargo spacecraft called dragon will launch on tuesday. after the launch, SpaceX will try to guide the bottom stage of the rocket upright onto a platform. the company has previously said the odds of a successful landing are about 50%.
cnn crew boarded a wooden craft ferrying the route between djibouti and aden. crew hugged the coastline, trying to stay out of the deeper water in the middle of the Gulf of Aden. crew was met by noise and desperation, shoving and shouting.
family members identify him as a victim killed in mortar strike last week in the city of aden. he is believed to be the first u.s. citizen killed in the current violence in Yemen.
the issue of same-sex marriage comes before the court on tuesday. justices have imperfect instincts when it comes to measuring public attitudes.
a Syrian man who lost his job in dubai decided to smuggle his way to europe. "it was worth the risk, the bad treatment and the fear," he says. "i have a better life now than I did before," he says.
"sanctions are sanctions," says president vladimir putin. sanctions were implemented after Moscow annexed Crimea and pro-russian separatists battled Ukrainian government forces.
blue bell creameries recalled all its ice cream, frozen yogurt, sherbet and other frozen treats. the bacteria could be contaminated with listeria monocytogenes, the CDC says.
talk show host mehmet oz defends himself against a group of doctors who accuse him of "manifesting an egregious lack of integrity" in his TV and promotional work, he says, "we provide multiple points of view"
the crash occurred at the exotic driving experience at 3:30 p.m. the driver, 24-year-old Tavon Watson of kissimmee, florida, lost control of the vehicle.
18-month-old twins drowned after their mother tried to repel a bee. the stroller rolled into a canal in Yuma, arizona.
tornadoes touched down near Dallas on Sunday. there have been no reports of deaths.
pro-democracy legislators have already sworn to veto a controversial election proposal. if approved, the proposal would give Hong Kongers the right to vote for their next leader in 2017. candidates would have to be approved by a mostly pro-China committee.
two australians were among eight drug smugglers executed by firing squad. australian prime minister called the executions "cruel and unnecessary" six other inmates were executed.
toya graham pulled her son away from the scene of a riot in Baltimore. gloria borger: i don't see her as an abusive mother spreading the gospel of violence.
"it is a good deal, a deal that meets our core objectives," president Obama says. "if Iran cheats, the world will know it," he says. the deal would include strict verification measures.
this is week two of an ongoing series: a Catholic reads the bible. this week covers the Book of Genesis, chapters 1-11.
defector lee min-bok is sending thousands of copies of "the interview" across the border from south to north Korea in balloons. "the regime hates this film because it shows Kim Jong un as a man, not a God," says Lee. the decision to launch the balloons in the dead of night suggests some information is seeping through to the hermit kingdom.
five young men were arrested in what police called a major counterterrorism operation. two of the teens, 18 and 19, have been released "pending further inquiries" the suspects planned to attack during a major national commemoration in a week.
a suicide bomber detonates his explosives near a group of protesters in eastern Afghanistan. a lawmaker taking part in the protests in the city of Khost is among the 64 people wounded.
conor McDonnell is the self-taught photography star behind Instagram's most liked photo. the 23-year-old has had a breakneck rise to success since his first post in November 2011. he shares his five top tips for anyone who wants to grow their Instagram fan base.
officer who slammed into armed suspect tells investigators he was too far away to shoot. he says he was worried a missed shot might hit another officer or bystanders. suspect's lawyer says police used excessive force and could have killed him.
the James Webb space telescope is being designed to study the first stars and galaxies that formed in the early universe. the telescope will work in the infra-red spectrum, allowing scientists to detect more distant targets. the new telescope requires a huge mirror of 25 square meters (about 270 square feet) and a golf ball of gold (about 48 grams or 1.7 ounces)
Liberland is the world's newest micronation, founded on a firm belief in liberty and noninterference from the powers-that-be. a tiny, 7 square-kilometer parcel of land, marked on maps as Gornja Siga, abuts the Danube on the border between Serbia and Croatia. its motto is "to live and let live"
president abraham lincoln's second inaugural address was 150 years ago. the historic meeting between grant and Lee had pleasantries about the weather. but in the spirit of Christian reconciliation grant purposely ended up being generous to confederate soldiers.
transgender people, long relegated to society's shadows, are finally stepping into the light. vogue has a photo spread with transgender model andreja pejic. "we are at a social inflection point on transgender issues," says former transgender activist.
a microscopic polymer statue by sculptor Jonty Hurwitz has vanished to an unknown location, likely never to be seen again. the world's tiniest woman had been called the "smallest sculpture ever made" while being photographed through an electron microscope, trust vanished, with only a smudged fingerprint left behind as a clue.
nearly 10,000 migrants have arrived on italian shores since the weekend, according to the italian coast guard. the migrants, mostly from sub-saharan africa, arrived in the port of augusta, Sicily, around 1p.m. they were picked up by the tugboat off the coast of Libya.
"all-new x-men" no. 40 reveals the truth: Bobby Drake is gay. "this is just the first little chapter of a much larger story that will be told," writer says.
for the first time, a majority, 53%, favor its legalization, with 77% supporting it. support for legalization has risen 11 points in the past few years alone. support for legalization has risen 11 points in the past few years alone.
fireball is the fastest-growing big brand of liquor in the u.s. retail sales more than doubled last year, and it's now the sixth-most popular liquor brand. it's basically made from Canadian whisky, aged in used bourbon barrels, flavored with sweetener.
police say the 3-year-old girl was found dead "for at least a few weeks" the girl's teen mother was arrested on one count of child abuse with substantial bodily harm. police are seeking the parents, who may be in California with five other children.
the fate of the subspecies rests on his ability to conceive with the two female northern white rhinos at the conservancy. rhinos are targeted by poachers, fueled by the belief that their horns cure various ailments. the conservancy has put radio transmitters on the animals and dispatches incognito rangers.
the death toll is expected to climb further as officials get information from the rugged countryside. one video shows uniformed officers digging through rubble, desperately trying to free a man. many of the injured are treated outside overflowing hospitals, where crowds gather looking for relatives.
"the police are not above the law, and must not be treated like they are," says amnesty. the incident took place early Tuesday in india's southeastern andhra Pradesh state.
defense and prosecution made closing arguments in the case on Monday. "he wanted to terrorize this country. he wanted to punish america," prosecutor says.
"the decisions Mr. west made put his life in grave jeopardy," clergyman says. "people understand that the decisions Mr. west made put his life in grave jeopardy," he adds. "his condition is best described as serious but improving," police say.
deputy who shot and killed a man instead of using his Taser now faces a manslaughter charge. video shows reserve deputy Robert Bates announcing he's going to deploy his Taser after an undercover weapons sting. "we believe the video itself proves that it was an accident of misfortune," an attorney says.
15 people have been arrested on suspicion of murdering the Christians, police say. the alleged assailants were Muslims from the Ivory coast, mali and senegal. the 12 who died were from Nigeria and Ghana, police say.
video of the incident was recorded by the dashboard cameras of two marana police cars. "the fact of the matter remains, though, deadly force was authorized," the chief says.
"sunday was the worst day i ever lived in my whole entire life," grandmother says. "i heard he was trying to pick his brother up. he was trying to hold him and save him," friend says. "i wish had never, never come," mother of alleged gunman says.
officer who intentionally slammed his car into an armed suspect previously faced an excessive force lawsuit in new york. officer michael rapiejko was with the new york police department from 2003 to 2006.
the iom says there may be three more migrant boats in distress in international waters. authorities still don't know the fate of many of the passengers, including children. the sinking may be the worst in a series of disasters in which migrants have lost their lives.
reserve deputy "inadvertently" shot a suspect with his firearm, an investigator says. deputy Robert Bates, 73, warned his fellow deputies he was going to use a Taser on the suspect. he pulled the trigger only once, as he was trained to do, according to the investigator.
the shooting deaths of michael brown and Walter Scott bear only mild resemblance. there are stark differences in the cases and lessons learned by both police and the public.
thousands sought refuge in temporary shelters after mobs with machetes attacked immigrants. the attacks in Durban killed two immigrants and three south africans, including a 14-year-old boy.
police in vineland, new jersey, responded to a call of a disorderly person. Freddie gray was arrested and handcuffed; witnesses say he was resisting arrest. he died a week later; it's not clear how he suffered the spinal cord injury.
"all black ppl should rise up and shoot at every white cop in the nation starting NOW," she wrote. "might kill at least 15 tomorrow, I'm plotting now," she wrote.
in 1942, the unguarded SS City of Cairo was sunk by a german U-boat. the ship was carrying silver rupees from india to England as part of the war effort.
twelve jurors and twelve alternates are on the list. it's almost entirely white and mostly middle-aged. opening statements in the trial are scheduled to begin on April 27.
ringside seats for the highly-anticipated boxing showdown between mayweather and Pacquiao are going at crazy prices. as of lunchtime Friday, the most expensive seat on sale through the StubHub website, was retailing for a mammoth $128,705. the cheapest priced ticket being offered on stubhub as of Monday is $4,600 with that seat right at the back of the MGM grand arena.
the voice of michael slager can be heard in two pieces of audio. the former officer is charged with murder in the death of 50-year-old Walter Scott.
boardwine's friend, Joyce Bruce, had used his sperm and a turkey baster to get pregnant. she thought because they never had sex, she was entitled to be the boy's sole parent.
jurors deliberated for more than seven hours in the Boston marathon bombing trial. they sent out two questions, which are scheduled to be addressed when they return to court. "the defendant brought terrorism into the backyards and main streets," prosecutor says.
protesters chant "No justice! no peace!" protesters rally in Baltimore late Tuesday. Freddie gray died of a spinal injury one week after he was taken into custody. police released the names of six officers suspended with pay after an "in-custody death"
"i wish my teacher knew..." is a simple assignment, but it teaches a lot, teacher says. "they feel respected, they feel safe enough to share some of these more sensitive ones," she says. "i wish my teacher knew how to do a backflip," one student says.
officer charged with murder in shooting death of unarmed black man has been fired. video shows officer Michael slager firing eight shots at 50-year-old Walter Scott. "i was sickened by what i saw," police chief says.
the taco cannon will shoot tacos into the stands at sporting events. the tacos will join t-shirts, balls, biscuits and the lowly hot dog in hurtling into the stands.
a japan railway maglev train hit 603 kilometers per hour (374 miles per hour) on an experimental track in Yamanashi. a spokesperson said the train spent 10.8 seconds traveling above 600 kilometers per hour. right now, china operates the world's fastest commercial maglev, which has hit 431 kilometers per hour.
dujardin and Valegro win their second consecutive FEI world cup dressage title. their score of 94.196 narrowly missed their own world record in the sport. it was still a full 10 percentage points clear of any rival inside the Thomas & Mack arena.
showjumping and dressage horses have reached Las Vegas for this week's world cup finals. organisers believe more than 80,000 fans will attend this week's event. the venue is the Thomas & Mack center, a stone's throw from the strip.
"it's terrifying," says surrogate father Ronen ziv. his baby is in a breech position, requiring a cesarean section. he worries his surrogate mother will not get proper medical attention.
over 200,000 women were kidnapped and sexually enslaved by the Japanese Imperial Army during world war ii. john avlon: prime minister abe has an opportunity to do right by these women.
Chad Bernstein's nonprofit, guitars over guns, helps at-risk children. it pairs middle-school students with professional musicians, providing free instrument instruction. since 2008, Bernstein's organization has worked with more than 225 students.
two CNN heroes are among the earthquake survivors in Kathmandu, Nepal. anuradha Koirala has a rehabilitation center that is home to 425 young women and girls. pushpa basnet and the 45 children she cares for were also forced to evacuate their residence.
Jody farley-Berens started a nonprofit called singleton moms to help single parents. since 2006, Singleton Moms has provided practical, financial and emotional support. do you know a hero? nominations are open for CNN heroes 2015.
a new segment on nPR said that a key ingredient of the unrest was african-americans "targeting Asian-owned businesses for destruction" aaron carroll: it's time to call this persistent meme what it is: a misleading, hyperbolic and dangerous distraction.
Jordan spieth equals Tiger woods' 1997 record to win the masters at augusta. the 21-year-old golfer is the second-youngest winner behind only woods. he is the fifth man to have led from start to finish over the tournament's four days.
louis jordan, 37, took his 35-foot sailboat out in late January. he hadn't been heard from in 66 days when he was spotted by the Houston express. "i was grateful to god that my parents were not going to be worried about me," his father says.
in 2003, less than 30% of religiously affiliated americans supported same-sex marriage. by 2014, that number had climbed to 47%, according to a poll conducted by PRRI. "there's been a huge swing in the last decade," said PRRI's CEO.
governor brown ordered mandatory statewide restrictions on water use for the first time in the state's history. john sutter: what California does now has global significance.
millennials don't care what your generation thinks -- they'll get married if and when they want. in the united states, almost 42 million adults have been married more than once.
anthony sideri used drugs on a daily basis in high school. he snorted painkillers and heroin to feel the effects faster. in 2005, he was arrested for possession of heroin.
as many as 1,600 migrants have died in the Mediterranean in the past 10 days. italians are alarmed at the prospect that this year alone as many as a million migrants could arrive in Europe. "if something serious isn't done, this problem will not be resolved by hiding our heads in the sand," mayor says.
NASA's Messenger space probe crashed into the planet on thursday. the probe was healthy when it crashed, but ran out of fuel. scientists say they'll be busy for years studying data from the probe.
"there is more seismic activity... and we think there will be more activity today," official says. the volcano has already erupted twice in 24 hours, the geological agency says.
former florida state student says quarterback raped her in 2012. she alleges sexual battery, false imprisonment and intentional infliction of emotional distress. Winston's attorney: "this stunt was expected"
guardia di Finanza (finance police) regularly patrols the Mediterranean off lampedusa. in recent years, its 12-man crew has joined Italy's effort to rescue migrants from africa and the middle east. a few years ago, the crew was on the look out for "contrabandisti," smugglers trafficking in cigarettes and drugs.
lawmaker: north korean leader is ruling in an impromptu manner. officials say he does not countenance excuses or views at variance with his own.
"i'm saddened to tell you that my mom has been diagnosed with cancer," Taylor Swift says. the singer did not divulge the nature or severity of the cancer. her mother, 57, quit her job as a mutual fund marketing executive to raise her.
protesters upset over the death of Freddie gray scuffle with police on the streets of Baltimore. two people were detained for disorderly conduct and destruction of property. there were no other arrests and the protests were peaceful.
"i want to show you, that I never assaulted them," says bikram choudhury. he says he feels sorry for his accusers, claiming they've been manipulated. "he's got to stop lying behind it," says a former student who accuses him of sexual assault.
china's economy is slowing after over 25 years of breakneck growth. but india faces a longer list of economic challenges including higher unemployment, chronic inflation and an overwhelming lack of basic infrastructure. china's president xi is managing the slowdown with efforts to boost domestic spending.
"smart bullets" are.50-caliber projectiles equipped with optical sensors. they passed their most successful round of live-fire tests to date.
"sarah courageously stepped up after Jim was shot to prevent others from enduring what our family has endured," family says. James Brady was shot in the head by John Hinckley Jr. during his attempt to assassinate president ronald Reagan in 1981.
"the way america changed after 9/11 is the way Kenya will change after garissa," he says. "we shall relocate them ourselves," he says.
activists climb aboard a Shell oil rig to protest the company's plans to drill in the Arctic. "we made it! We're on Shell's platform. And we're not alone," one activist tweets. the rig, the Polar Pioneer, is on its way to the Arctic via Seattle.
in a tightly-managed democracy, chances to question the country's leader are rare. in recent years, Putin has held forth on subjects from parenting to food prices, to relations with u.s. a few would-be questions released ahead of the event give a flavor of what's on Russia's mind.
officials: airstrikes hit a school in southwestern Yemen, injuring at least a half dozen students. a third source says three students had been killed at the al Bastain school in maitam.
al-Douri was the highest-ranking member of Hussein's regime to evade capture. he was thought to have led the post-hussein Sunni extremist group Naqshbandi army. al-Douri was killed in an operation by Iraqi security forces and Shia militia members.
the Solar Impulse 2 is attempting to fly around the world without using a drop of fuel. the experimental plane took off from Abu Dhabi on march 9 and has successfully flown through oman, india, and Myanmar. the latest setback came when a Thursday takeoff was canceled, because the cross winds in Nanjing were forecast to be too strong.
ISIS documents give a window into the bureaucracy of the self-declared caliphate. ISIS sees itself as a government operating under a rule of law. some subjects would be banned -- democracy and political thought.
"i'm still speechless and don't know how to react," tweets Li's girlfriend. "without closing their cases, they still can't live without shackles," echoes Li's lawyer. "this shouldn't be a moment of celebration," says one lawyer.
a Columbia student who was accused of rape is suing the school for allowing his accuser to publicly brand him a "serial rapist" the lawsuit alleges the defendants violated Nungesser's right to an education free of gender-based discrimination.
president Obama and his Cuban counterpart met at a dinner for the summit of the Americas. the two nations have barely been on speaking terms -- officially -- for more than 50 years. Obama spoke by phone with the Cuban leader before heading to Panama.
"he's physically OK, not injured. he's safe in there," attorney Stephen Patrick beatty says. "he wanted me to tell people most that he doesn't want violence in his name," beatty says.
the people of Nepal are still trying to recover from two major earthquakes and a mudslide. we have vetted a list of organizations that have created specific funds for relief efforts.
a rocket carrying an uncrewed cargo spacecraft called Dragon was launched on tuesday. the rocket landed on a floating barge for the first time, but tipped over. this is the sixth spaceX mission to the international space station.
justices appear divided during historic arguments over the constitutionality of gay marriage. chief justice John Roberts this time seemed to lean more closely to conservative justices. supporters and opponents of same-sex marriage rallied outside.
Freddie gray was arrested on a weapons charge in a high-crime area of Baltimore known for drugs. it's unclear how he suffered a severe spinal cord injury that led to his death seven days later.
the united nations is appealing for $174 million to help Nigerian refugees. Boko Haram has killed thousands in the nation's northeast. aid agencies are scrambling to provide the refugees with clean water, shelter and food.
"we are all ecstatic, especially Mr. dent," dent's attorney says. "the alleged police brutality in this case cannot and will not be tolerated," prosecutor says.
the u.s. must rethink the role of manned submarines and prioritize new underwater detection techniques. officials say china and other nations are rapidly expanding the size and scope of their own submarine forces. concern that china could match U.S. underwater capabilities has encouraged the development of an unmanned drone ship.
Grass was best known around the world for his novel "the tin drum" he died in a clinic in the city of Luebeck, where he was taken over the weekend.
"one of the officers told me to stop, but it was because I (said) to them that what they did it was an abuse," he says. "mr. Scott never tried to fight," he says.
the death toll is expected to rise as the full extent of the damage is assessed. the quake was the strongest in the region in more than 80 years. an estimated 4.6 million people in the region were exposed to the quake.
former school principal in japan says he paid for sex with more than 12,000 women. police say they seized 147,600 photos that he took of his activities over the years. the Philippines is a notorious destination for sex tourists, including pedophiles.
a grand jury indicted nine members of a criminal syndicate in a high-profile bourbon heist. pappy van winkle, one of the rarest and most expensive bourbons in the world, was reported missing in 2013.
police estimate that 275,000 demonstrators marched in Sao Paulo. it's the second day of nationwide anti-government demonstrations in less than a month. protesters vow that it wouldn't be the last.
police say Freddie gray was not buckled in as he was transported to a police station. an attorney for the family says it's a step towards acknowledging the truth.
a non-profit company is using groundbreaking laser scanning to preserve the world's treasures. CyArk's scans include ancient thebes, chichen itza, fort laramie, mesa verde, petra, rapa Nui, egypt, syria. the company has plans to scan 500 world heritage sites in five years.
people who live in the happiest countries have longer life expectancies and more social support. the tiny country of Bhutan got the credit for focusing world attention on happiness.
"it was time for us to try something new," Obama says of meeting with his counterpart. "we might disagree on something today on which we could agree tomorrow," Castro says. the meeting comes as the two nations work to end the cold war enmity.
the number of migrant deaths in the Mediterranean has increased by a factor of 30. the latest sinking has triggered some action in the european union. but could australia's current policy be used as a global solution, or at least one for asylum seekers trying to cross the Mediterranean?
Edwin Sabuhoro was a warden in Rwanda's Volcanoes national park. he volunteered to infiltrate poachers on their own turf by disguising as a potential buyer for a baby gorilla. he quit the job and came up with an idea to help poachers make a living.
a video shows two groups of men, one in orange jumpsuits and the other in black, being killed. "their blood is the purest blood because there is a nation behind them," the narrator says. "you pay (tax) with willing submission, feeling yourselves subdued," he says.
"ernst haas: on set" is a new book of film photography by one of the 20th century's great photojournalists. "working on film sets was really important to Magnum, and all of the photographers working with Magnum in the '50s did films," says editor John Jacob.
corporate America has largely abandoned brick-and-mortar music retailing to a scattering of independent stores. but many of the remaining record stores are succeeding -- even thriving -- by catering to a passionate core of customers and collectors. on saturday, hundreds of music retailers will hold events to commemorate Record Store day.
"this is a sad and terrible day in Egyptian history," the ousted president's party says. "the surprise was the acquittal," a civil plaintiff lawyer says. "we wish we could see the trial of a regime when it is in power, not after falling," she says.
obsidian -- a type of volcanic glass -- can produce cutting edges many times finer than steel scalpels. a small number of surgeons are using an ancient technology to carry out fine incisions that they say heal with minimal scarring.
a network of Pakistanis associated with al Qaeda talked about attacking the Vatican back in 2010. "this is... a reminder about the world we're in right now," rep. delaney says.
71 people are sentenced to life in prison for their role in the burning of a church. the virgin Mary church was torched and looted by a mob. some blamed the church and other attacks on supporters of the Muslim Brotherhood.
reserve deputy Robert Bates pleads not guilty to second-degree manslaughter. he is accused of fatally shooting a man he says he meant to subdue with a Taser.
"killing Jesus," "a.d.," "finding Jesus" are among tv shows rebroadcasting the resurrection of Jesus. "a.d." is sequel to blockbuster miniseries "the bible," "finding Jesus" is CNN's addition to ever-burgeoning body of Christ-centered tv fare.
"this is a heartbreaking tragedy for everyone in our community," mayor says. police meet with man who was in Scott's car when officer pulled it over. video shot by a witness shows the officer shooting Scott in the back as he runs away.
fatu kekula, 23, was just a year away from finishing up her nursing degree in liberia when Ebola struck. a CNN story about her in september prompted donations from around the world. "it's a surprise -- a young child like me coming to the u.s."
authorities release dash cam video in connection with the fatal shooting of Walter Scott. the video shows an initial traffic stop and early interactions between the officer and Scott.
"it's been a really rough day," says mountaineer's wife. "many dead. much more badly injured. more to die if not heli asap," says another hiker. a monster earthquake rattles cities and causes avalanches at Everest and nearby peaks.
hospital gowns are among the most vexing parts of being in the hospital. some health systems are trying to improve the patient reviews and their own bottom lines. the cms increasingly factors patients' satisfaction into its quality measures.
Shelby offrink was diagnosed with intramedullary glioblastoma in 2014. the tumors were lodged in her spine instead of her brain. Shelby nicknamed her tumors and decided to "terminate" them.
laser beams can affect the weather by creating new clouds where there are none. the technology is still in its infancy, but once it's perfected, it could help us modulate the weather in areas of high contrast, such as California or Chile.
a jury in fall river, massachusetts, finds former patriots tight end Aaron Hernandez guilty of murder. he also faces murder charges in a 2012 double homicide. jurors deliberated 35 hours over the course of seven days.
"none of anything in this case has any evidentiary value," attorney says. cardiologist pleaded not guilty to criminal solicitation, conspiracy, burglary, arson. two other men -- identified as James Chmela and James Kalamaras -- were named as accomplices.
ISIS releases more than 200 Yazidis, a minority group whose members were killed, captured and displaced. most of those released were women and children; the rest were ill or elderly, a commander says.
ISIS has benefited from a media environment that amplifies its propaganda, officials say. the group quickly reached early recruits through videos that showcased the fear it instilled in nonbelievers.
protesters angry over the death of Freddie gray get into physical altercations with police. at least five police cars are damaged by people who smashed windows and jumped on them. a "small group of agitators intervened," says mayor Stephanie Rawlings-Blake.
industrial design student creates a full suit of armor plating, cape and cowl. the suit is tough enough to withstand the stab or slash of a knife, the impact of a punch or a baseball bat. the 21-year-old raised $1,255 on kickstarter to fund the creation.
"i thought I had lost my daughter already but God is so good," her mother says. eight other death row inmates were put to death by firing squad on the island of nusa kambangan. supporters say she was the victim of human trafficking.
police report nine arrests in demonstrations in Denver. protesters take to the streets to show support for protesters in Baltimore.
Zuriel Oduwole is often described as "the world's youngest filmmaker" she has four documentaries under her belt, all of which focus on africa issues. released late last year, "a promising africa" is the first in an ongoing series.
a small group of assyrians formed a militia after ISIS overran their villages near Mosul. they are part of the rapidly dwindling Christian population of northern Iraq. many see the fight with ISIS as a final battle for survival against the Islamists.
a large storm system dubbed typhoon maysak is churning over the Pacific Ocean. its eye is projected to make landfall in the central or northern part of the Philippine island of Luzon on Sunday.
a replica of a french frigate that fought with the u.s. founding fathers in the war of independence sets sail for virginia. "l'hermione is a luminous episode of our history," french president says in a speech.
dr. Sanjay gupta helped doctors perform a craniotomy in a makeshift operating room. gupta washes up using sterile water and iodine poured from a bottle. instead of electric drills, he relies on saws of the variety usually used for surgery.
the death toll is expected to rise. more than 1,800 people have been killed in the earthquake. hospitals are overflowing and suffering from shortages.
"what I saw on the television was thugs beating up my client," attorney says. the suspect allegedly fled by car, foot and horseback when deputies tried to arrest him. deputies used a stun gun on him and then repeatedly kicked and hit him.
Nepal relies on only one international airport to receive and deliver aid. relief organizations say the tarmac at Tribhuvan international airport remains jam-packed with cargo planes. main roads in Kathmandu are open, but remote areas are largely inaccessible.
rescuers in Nepal have pulled a man from a building where he was stuck for 82 hours. "it seems he survived by sheer willpower," a doctor who treated the man says. a 4-month-old baby was rescued from a destroyed building in the town of Bhaktapur.
"the first, which is widely considered 'the first genocide of the 20th century,' struck your own Armenian people," the pope says. "as a first reaction, (the ambassador) is summoned to get consultation," a former ambassador says.
47 bodies have been exhumed from two of the 11 mass graves discovered in Tikrit. the remains will be sent back to baghdad for DNA tests to establish identify.
protesters peacefully dispersed after a 10 p.m. curfew meant to prevent riots that tore up the city. more than 100 people were arrested in new york during a "NYC rise up & shut it down with Baltimore" rally. protesters demand accountability for the death of Freddie gray.
a girl with cystic fibrosis messaged a boy with cystic fibrosis on facebook. they realized they were falling in love and decided to meet in person. but face-to-face meetings with other cystic fibrosis patients are dangerous.
noelle Velentzas, 28, and her former roommate, 31-year-old Asia Siddiqui, were arrested and accused of planning to build an explosive device for attacks in the u.s. the complaint paints a picture of a disturbing trend in homegrown violent extremism. if convicted, the women face a maximum sentence of life in prison.
police chief: "i watched the video, and i was sickened by what i saw and i have not watched it since" officer michael slager, 33, is charged with first-degree murder in the death of 50-year-old. he is also "terminated" from the force, the mayor says.
two african-american candidates win their wards to make the six-member city council 50% black. supporters of both candidates said that from the tragedy of a young black man's death, a new day dawned in Ferguson.
"never has the hour been more desperate in the Palestine refugee camp of Yarmouk," u.n. agency says. up to 2,000 people have fled in the past two days, state-run news agency reports.
the recall is voluntary. so far, no illnesses caused by the hummus have been reported.
"all the family loves him, and his kids loved him," his brother tells CNN's don lemon. dash cam video shows the two talking, then shows Scott get out of his car and run. police officer michael slager fired eight shots, five of which struck Scott.
plus-size clothing retailer Lane Bryant has launched an ad campaign titled #ImNoAngel. the campaign is a not-so-subtle dig at victoria's secret and its very popular Angels line.
many clouds wins the grand national. 25-1 outsider wins by a length and a half. leighton aspell won last year's race. AP McCoy has won 4,356 races.
park Eun-mi waited to see if one of the bodies was her 16-year-old daughter, Huh da-yun. park's life remains at a standstill; nine have yet to be found. families say the underlying problems that led to the sinking of the ferry are far from resolved.
al-shabaab militants have launched a series of deadly attacks in the region mostly targeting Christians. in early April, al-shabaab brutally massacred 147 people at garissa university in northern Kenya. in northeastern Nigeria, the Islamist militant group Boko Haram has been waging war against the government.
an unidentified male walked through a public area on the west front of the Capitol and shot himself, police say. witnesses tell CNN dozens of shocked onlookers watched.
at least three people were shot in separate incidents in Ferguson, Missouri, on late Tuesday and early Wednesday. two people were shot in the neck and another was shot in the leg. there is a suspect in custody in the latter case.
"furious 7" producers hired a lockheed C-130 hercules to parachute out five cars. shooting the scene posed unique logistical challenges. "you start throwing all those cars out together -- you've got to figure out spacing," stunt coordinator says.
sally kohn: we've long called Hillary by her first name in a way we don't do with men who have held similar, or vaguely similar, positions of power. being president of the united states is a serious job, kohn says.
"Galaxy quest" centered on the cast of a canceled space TV show who are accidentally sent to a spaceship and must save an alien nation. the film starred Tim Allen, Sigourney weaver, Alan Rickman, Tony Shalhoub, daryl Mitchell, daryl Mitchell and enrico colantoni. "Galaxy quest" is the latest movie to be adapted for the small screen.
a federal jury convicted the four in a 2007 mass shooting in baghdad that left 17 people dead. prosecutors accused the men of illegally unleashing "powerful sniper fire, machine guns and grenade launchers"
grand jury decides not to indict officers in fatal shooting of schizophrenic man. Jason Harrison's mother had called police for help getting him to the hospital. officers are still facing a wrongful death lawsuit from Harrison's family.
a pause is needed in and near the southern Yemeni port city of Aden, the ICRC says. "for the wounded, their chances of survival depend on action within hours, not days," a Red cross official says.
over the last few days, india has evacuated some 2,500 people from Yemen. some evacuees are fleeing on boats at port cities such as aden. people are leaving behind much more than luggage.
at least 147 people, many of them students, were killed at garissa university college. the bodies of four al-shabaab attackers remained where they fell. investigators marked the locations of students' bodies with numbered tags.
"i think we're going to have definitive evidence within 20 to 30 years," scientist says. scientists have found evidence or indications of water on a number of celestial bodies. "we are not talking about little green men," former astronaut says.
the new south china mall has been an embarrassment for its owners and china. the goal was to attract 100,000 visitors a day with an array of entertainment, shops and eateries. the mall spans five million square feet of shopping area -- more than twice the size of mall of america.
ISIS fighters seize several districts in the northern Iraqi city of Ramadi in an hours-long assault. at least 10 Iraqi security forces were killed in the attacks, an official says.
two australian drug smugglers are waiting to learn whether they will be put to death by firing squad. president joko widodo has made it clear he intends to show no mercy toward those found guilty of such crimes.
"i just get this overwhelming sense of -- they call it impending doom," says 21-year-old. "new day, new crisis," says paramedics who took her to hospital. "the meds we have to give her to keep her alive, she reacts to," says mom.
more than 800,000 children have been forced to flee their homes, UNICEF says. more than 1.5 million people have fled their homes due to the violence.
a bomb threat that led to the evacuation of the island has been declared unfounded. all civilians were evacuated and only emergency personnel remained on liberty island. the last time the island shut down to the public was in October 2013 because of the government shutdown.
Brian Rogers and caitlin McGuire own the Breckenridge Cannabis club. the couple started their business as a medical cannabis dispensary in 2010. when Colorado became the first state to allow the sale of recreational marijuana, they saw a once-in-a-lifetime business opportunity.
military trainers bouncing between multi-million dollar, high security bases, on blackhawks. facility was originally intended to resupply the entire east of the country. about 20 units a month file paperwork for resupply in the base, but supplies still come from Kabul.
hundreds of thousands of Brazilians are taking to the streets in protests against president dilma rousseff. protesters have called for the President to be impeached as she struggles with an economic downturn and a massive bribery scandal.
CNN senior international correspondent arwa damon was in Tikrit on Tuesday. she saw a large mechanical digger packed with explosives that troops had to disarm. officials are concerned about the behavior of the conquerors, particularly the militiamen.
"i apologize. I sincerely apologize," detective tells wnbc. "if the conversation initially went differently, we probably would have shook hands," he says. the video of the altercation went viral.
a drone carrying traces of a radioactive material was found on the rooftop of the prime minister's residence. the discovery came on the same day a court approved a government plan to restart two nuclear reactors.
ultrahaptics creates tactile three-dimensional shapes literally out of thin air, using ultrasound. the company's tagline says it all: "feeling without touching" paired with another rising technology it has the potential to become a game changer.
cnn's Laura Bernardini is a director of coverage at CNN. she has never read the bible from Genesis to Revelation. in the middle of holy week, she decided to finally take the plunge.
google is known for its impish April Fools' day pranks. this year the company was a day early to the party, rolling out the Pac-man game.
former sen. Rick Santorum says he hoped indiana governor would veto a "fix" to his state's religious freedom law. "it doesn't really open the debate up on some of the more current issues," he said.
the app features the latest news about Xi and allows users to access the traditional texts that Xi quotes from. it's unclear how many people have downloaded the app.
"downward spiral: inside the case against Aaron Hernandez" airs at 9 p.m. et. jurors deliberating in Hernandez's murder trial resume Wednesday. the former new england patriots star is on trial for murder.
paramedics were called to her home around 2:30 p.m. PT (5:30 p.m. ET) on the report of a medical emergency. "she regained consciousness on the ambulance ride to an L.a. area hospital," spokesman says.
despite recent gains, only 126,000 jobs were added, the lowest since December 2013. low-wage workers have been the hardest hit since the onset of the financial crisis.
"we need to remember the 147; they are not just a number," says vigil organizer. the attack at a university in garissa killed 147 people, mostly students. the al-shabaab militant group claimed responsibility.
"the survival of Israel is non-negotiable," prime minister Benjamin Netanyahu says. "the destruction of Israel is non-negotiable, period," he says. "there is no daylight when it comes to our support for Israel's security," president says.
two passengers found dead on a cruise ship in Puerto Rico appear to have died in a murder-suicide. two guests were found dead inside their stateroom on the ms Ryndam.
the number of people killed in the attack is plaguing Kenyans with self-doubt. the notion of building a wall is somewhat grandiose, since the border runs some 700 kilometers.
an experienced climbing group from the Indian army plans to trek up the mountain to pick up at least 4,000 kilograms of waste. the mountain is part of the Himalaya mountain range on the border between Nepal and the Tibet region. more than 200 climbers have died attempting to climb the peak.
tornadoes, fierce winds and severe thunderstorms with large hail are predicted for the Midwest and for the plains. CNN meteorologist: tornado conditions are more dangerous during the night.
tornadoes, fierce winds and severe thunderstorms with large hail are predicted for the Midwest and for the plains. CNN meteorologist: tornado conditions are more dangerous during the night.
"there is a third path. we can cooperate with the world," president hassan rouhani says. he says his government kept its word to Iranians when negotiating the framework deal. he thanks Iranians for their patience and for "resisting"
tech entrepreneur Regina Agyare teaches girls in a slum in Ghana how to code. the group, achievers Ghana, supports 250 girls between the ages of six and 18. the goal is to break through social barriers and provide girls with a generation of female role models.
"fostering" is a catch-all code word designed to conceal the true intent of those offering up the orphaned children. by the government's own admission, 8 million children are currently engaged in forced labor. the global slavery index says Nigeria has the highest number of people in modern slavery of any sub-Saharan country.
al-shabaab militants killed 147 people at a school in garissa, Kenya, on thursday. "they were shooting everywhere," a student tells CNN. "i was scared so much," she says.
a judge denies a motion by two women to join a lawsuit against prince Andrew and a prominent u.s. lawyer. lawyer Alan dershowitz was accused of having sex with minors with help from billionaire Jeffrey Epstein. dershowitz: "i hope that people will now understand that they were completely false and made up"
"it is high time to test this one," says u.s. official Marie Harf on twitter. "we have made significant progress over the last few days, but it has been slow going," says british fm. talks between u.s. and iranian officials ran deep into the early hours of thursday.
new calls from aviation experts to develop enhanced crash avoidance software. the technology could take control of an aircraft away from a pilot and steer the plane to a safe altitude.
more than 60 people were rescued from the chilly waters in Russia's far east. the shipwreck was swift, with the trawler going down in the sea of Okhotsk within 15 minutes.
"he was and will always be my hero," his son says. "weird al" Yankovic calls him a major influence on his career.
gov. Mike Pence said on tuesday that the state will "fix" the religious freedom restoration act, or RFRA, so it will not discriminate against gays and lesbians. sally kohn: not all people who dislike the law hate religion, and not all people who like the law want to discriminate against the LGBT community.
"Furious 7" is getting the widest release in universal's history with a theater count of roughly 4,003 (including Imax locations) overseas, the movie is also poised to do massive business, putting its global debut north of $250 million. "furious 7" is opening day-and-date around the world on 10,500 screens in 63 territories.
Sierra Sharry and Lane Smith were about to become parents. Sharry lost her best friend, the father of her unborn child, on july 13. when it came time for their son's 6-month pictures, Sharry had a special request.
the controversy over Indiana's religious freedom law drives a wedge. the issue drives a wedge because the interpretations and motives behind the law can be questioned.
"we love Lucy! get rid of this statue" has been a tourist draw since 2009. the statue has been likened to conway twitty, the snake from "beetlejuice" and actor Steve buscemi.
for the first time in Nigeria's history, the opposition defeated the ruling party in democratic elections. Nigeria is significant because it is the biggest economy and most populous country in africa.
Iranians erupted in celebration as young people waved flags from their sunroofs. the excitement came after a breakthrough nuclear deal with the united states and other world powers. the agreement was struck on the final day of Persian new year festivities.
Dilkhayot Kasimov was added to a superseding indictment in which three previously arrested men were charged with providing support to a foreign terrorist organization. it is unclear if Kasimov has been arrested.
the third blood moon in a four-part series was the shortest eclipse of the bunch. the celestial body took on a burnt-orange tint in the minutes before, during and after the total eclipse. watchers in the eastern half of north america caught only a partial eclipse.
millions of Turks left confused and concerned by the worst power outage to grip the country in more than a decade. dozens of cities across turkey lost power for hours on Tuesday. some twitter users went so far as to suggest the black-outs were a warm up for elections scheduled for June.
fast-food workers are making it less acceptable for companies like mcdonald's to pay wages so low that its workers are boxed into poverty. but the announcement only affects 10% of the McDonald's restaurants in the u.s., ignoring employees who work at franchised McDonald's restaurants.
governor imposes mandatory water restrictions for the first time on residents, businesses and farms. the 25% cut in usage amounts to roughly 1.5 million acre-feet of water over the next nine months.
the election could result in the handing of power from david cameron's conservative government to the labour party, led by ed miliband. the queen is officially Britain's head of state, but she's only nominally in charge. the vote is more indirectly aimed at appointing a new government.
this holy week, we are calling upon Christians to also reflect upon the crucifixion, beheading, stoning, enforced slavery, sexual abuse, harassment, bombing and displacement of hundreds of thousands of Christians. rarely since the first century has the church in the east faced persecution on this scale.
the emails were discovered during a u.s. justice department investigation of racial prejudice in the city's police and judicial system. police capt. Rick henke and sgt. William mudd resigned early last month after the emails were discovered.
two people, one of them a licensed greyhound trainer, have been arrested in australia. two bundaberg residents, a 71-year old man and a 64-year old woman, each charged with one count of unlawful possession of a firearm.
"it was like i was a rat running around in a cage, wondering what's going on here," owner says. "it was like i was a rat running around in a cage," he says.
archaeologists found the skeleton of a camel beneath a cellar in the city of Tulln. the camel was thought to have been used by Ottoman troops besieging Vienna in the 17th century.
andrew getty, 47, dies in his home in los angeles. his death "appears to be natural (causes) or an accident," coroner's official says.
co-pilot of germanwings flight 9525 died in the crash, killing everyone on board. john sutter: we must talk about mental illness in a way that doesn't drive some into darkness.
this page includes the show transcript. use the transcript to help students with reading comprehension and vocabulary. at the bottom of the page, comment for a chance to be mentioned on CNN Student news. you must be a teacher or a student age 13 or older to request a mention on the CNN Student News Roll Call.
convicted murderer kamron Taylor jumped a guard at a jail in kankakee county, illinois. he then drove off with the guard's uniform and SUV. he was tracked down overnight in Chicago, carrying a loaded handgun.
prince Harry is due to arrive in australia for a four-week stint with the armed forces. he has already spent time with Australian troops on a number of occasions.
two corrections officers and a former officer trainee are charged in a plot to kill a former inmate. an informant met the men after infiltrating a branch of the KKK, according to court documents.
talks between the u.s. and iran over its nuclear program wrap up in Lausanne. the parties have until the end of June to work out the details and put the plan on paper. the talks provided a modern demonstration of diplomacy at its best, but also at its most hectic.
bomb explodes near a U.n. vehicle traveling near the northeastern Somali city of garowe. four of the victims are aid workers for the international children's agency UNICEF. terrorist group al-shabaab claims responsibility for the attack.
prince Harry arrives in australia, where he'll spend four weeks with the country's military. he visited the Australian war memorial in Canberra, paying his respects at the Tomb of the unknown australian soldier.
australian foreign minister says deal is "an informal arrangement" with an emphasis on tracking australians who go to fight for ISIS. one australian lawmaker reportedly described the move as "dancing with the devil"
"work is continuing to establish the precise history of the flight," the BEA says. initial tests on the flight data recorder show that co-pilot used the controls to speed up the plane's descent. prosecutors in germany say an analysis of a tablet device retrieved from the co-pilot's apartment in dusseldorf revealed that he had researched suicide methods.
environmentalists had been tailing the Thunder since its encounter in the southern ocean. "we were literally a few hundred meters away; they said the ship was sinking," says a spokesman. "i'm 100% confident that the captain of the Thunder destroyed his own ship," says captain.
one-third of the school's 2,700 students are enrolled in a blended learning program. it allows teachers to write the curriculum, with students giving feedback about the focus. students have the option of a flexible schedule during allotted blended learning days.
a military source insisted the strikes were not retaliation for last week's massacre at garissa university. two of the airstrikes hit Al-Shabaab training camps, according to a resident of the southwest Somalian town of bardera.
the pontiff lamented the suffering of people in the conflicts currently making headlines. he asked that bloodshed end in Iraq and that humanitarian aid get to those in need. he also asked for peace from drug dealers, corrupt officials who collaborate with them.
a rope noose was found hanging from a tree on campus. the incident is one of several recent racist events to affect college students.
muhanad al farekh, 29, was deported from Pakistan to the united states. he's accused of plotting to fight against american forces abroad.
border guard killed in cross-boundary fire exchange with militants in Yemen this week. clash occurred at border in southwestern Saudi Arabia's asir region. u.s. navy warships patrolling off Yemen in search of suspicious shipping in region.
camel racing is an ancient tradition in the region. camels are racing for thousands of dollars in prize money and fancy new cars for their owners. the winning camels are paraded with pride, their heads and necks covered in bright golden saffron.
for 43 years, Cuba has provided refuge for hill from facing charges that he killed a new mexico police officer and hijacked an airliner to havana. hill, now 65, decided to give CNN an interview after we'd spent two years trying to reach him. he wants to discuss how for the first time he is considering leaving his safe haven and returning to the united states.
this page includes the show Transcript. use the transcript to help students with reading comprehension and vocabulary. at the bottom of the page, comment for a chance to be mentioned on CNN Student news. you must be a teacher or a student age 13 or older to request a mention on the CNN Student News Roll Call.
this page includes the show Transcript. use the transcript to help students with reading comprehension and vocabulary. at the bottom of the page, comment for a chance to be mentioned on CNN Student News. you must be a teacher or a student age 13 or older to request a mention on the CNN Student News Roll Call. the weekly newsquiz tests students' knowledge of events in the news.
missao okawa, the world's oldest person, has died at the age of 117. she left behind three children, four grandchildren and six great grandchildren.
documents obtained by CNN show the Missouri national guard used highly militarized words to refer to protesters. the guard came to help quell riots in Ferguson, Missouri, that raged sporadically last year. many community leaders and civil rights activists accused police officers of using excessive force.
militant group al-shabaab is responsible for the attack in the center of Mogadishu. two suicide bombers detonated their car at the entrance of the building. five gunmen then entered the building, shooting people inside.
Gregory Margolin was a 16-year-old Jewish recruit when he fought in the Soviet red army. after the war, he settled in donetsk in eastern Ukraine and built a life. decades later, he found himself in the middle of a war once again.
a year ago today, more than 200 girls were abducted from their boarding school dormitories in northeastern Nigeria. they are still missing. a handful of #BringBackOurGirls campaigners in Nigeria have worked tirelessly to keep the story alive.
in two years, the Scandinavian nation is slated to become the first in the world to phase out radio entirely. radio will be phased out region by region, starting in January 2017 and concluding in December.
a new study suggests that the Brontosaurus belongs to its own genera, and therefore deserves its own name. O.C. marsh first named the dinosaur, "Brontosaurus," or "thunder lizard" in 1879.
al Qaeda offers 20 kilograms of gold to anyone who kills or captures two prominent Shia Muslim opponents. AQAP referred to al-Houthi and saleh as the "two heads of evil" at least 540 people -- including 311 civilians -- have died as a result of the fighting.
"the point of the flight is to spotlight corruption in DC," 61-year-old postal carrier wrote. "my flight is not a secret," the post says. "there's no need to worry -- I'm just delivering the mail," he wrote in his post.
dead fish appear in the rodrigo de freitas lagoon in the state of rio de janeiro. officials believe recent rains caused a temperature change of the water.
"it's going to take a little time, but I'll get used to it," anthony ray hinton tells CNN's Brooke Baldwin. hinton was convicted of killing two men -- fast-food restaurant managers John Davidson and Thomas Wayne Vason. the state decided to dismiss the charges against him after a new trial was ordered in 2014.
the leaders' debate between seven party leaders was no gladiatorial contest with a straightforward outcome. the electoral strengths and weaknesses of the two main leaders are emerging.
a new york judge has said social media is an acceptable way for a woman to serve her husband with a summons for divorce. Ellanora Arthur Baidoo has been trying to divorce her husband for several years.
dr. Sergio canavero says he has part of the funding secured, but he can't yet disclose where the money is coming from. he says he has identified a 30-year-old Russian man as the first patient.
teen heart transplant recipient carjacked someone, burglarized a home, shot at an elderly woman. police chased the car, which hit a pedestrian and then a pole. after a week, children's healthcare of Atlanta gave him a heart.
gunmen burst into a room where Christians had gathered and took hostages, a lecturer says. "then they proceeded to the hostels, shooting anybody they came across," he says.
Freddie gray's funeral drew civil rights leaders, politicians, and relatives of others who died in police custody. the 25-year-old died in police custody 15 days ago after he was arrested on a weapons charge.
"the meatrix" was a 2003 animation parody based on "the matrix" it crystallized the public health risks and environmental harms of factory farming. in 2014 alone, the biggest meatpackers and their trade groups spent $4.3 million on lobbyists.
lawsuit seeks to let doctors prescribe lethal medications to terminally ill patients. "this could be my own issue a year from now," doctor says.
special forces were on the ground in noncombat roles, a source tells CNN. they also have helped parachute in weapons and communications equipment. the latest action heats up an already intense conflict.
a bailiff found the bodies of two of the mother's children wrapped in plastic inside a freezer. Mitchelle angela Blair has been charged with murder and torture.
world heavyweight boxing champion wladimir Klitschko says the crisis in his homeland has left him shocked and upset. Klitschko is the reigning IBF, WBA, WBO and IBO champion. he says his country is suffering in the war with Russia -- not that Ukraine tried to give aggression to any other nation, in this particular case Russia.
Michael Keaton pays homage to his roles in "beetlejuice" and "batman" in his third turn hosting "saturday night live" the actor acknowledged that a lot has changed since he first hosted the show in 1982.
"it looks right now (like) somebody didn't do their job properly," sheriff says. authorities are looking for 23-year-old kamron taylor. he was convicted of murdering a correctional officer.
surveillance video appears to show det. Ian Cyrus stashing cash in a bag. the detectives had arrested two employees for selling loose cigarettes.
police are offering few details of the robbery at a safe deposit company in the heart of london. detectives on the scene are carrying out a "slow and painstaking" forensic examination. police anticipate the process to take approximately two days.
attacks against newcomers in south africa are often reduced to attitudes of hate and resentment. attacks against newcomers in south africa are often reduced to attitudes of hate and resentment.
ayatollah khomeini famously said he was "drinking poison" when he accepted a ceasefire to end the eight-year-old war with Iraq. like the war, Iran's defiance to halt its controversial nuclear program has defined Khamenei's era. if Iran can finalize a deal by June with the united states and its P5+1 partners, international investors would be able to invest in Iran.
global capitalism is a juggernaut, with the world economy doubling in size every generation. sustainable development offers a path out of this growing crisis.
u.s. military depends on space-based capabilities, including intelligence, GPS, and communications satellites. the fact that we rely on Russia, currently under sanctions for invading a sovereign nation, should reinforce the need for a change.
"like you, I was a target of militants who did not want girls to go to school," malala yousafzai writes. "we will never forget you. we will always stand with you," she writes.
south african troops deploy as part of a new government effort to stop deadly anti-immigrant violence. their first target: the Johannesburg suburb of Jeppestown, where xenophobic violence broke out on friday. seven people have been killed in recent violence against poorer immigrants.
eight Iranian border guards have been killed in clashes with militants near the border with Pakistan. three of the militants were killed by Iranian forces in the fighting, the state-run news agency says. a militant group called jaish al Adal claimed responsibility for the attack, according to Iranian state media.
the Turks and caicos island bumped Ambergris caye out of the top spot. only two more of 2014's top 10 islands appear on this year's global list.
director gareth Edwards showed an early teaser for the movie. Felicity Jones will play a rebel soldier. "Rogue one" is scheduled to hit theaters December 16, 2016.
for many Iranians, the historic decision by Tehran and six world powers to continue nuclear negotiations is an indication that this year's norouz will be a superb one indeed. edgy hardliners may now try to play games and complain the preliminary agreement is not what they had hoped. as is, the stakes are high and the choice is clear for president hassan Rouhani and his "moderate" administration.
two african-americans were elected to the Ferguson city council on tuesday. this was the first city election since white police officer Darren Wilson shot and killed unarmed black teenager michael brown. three of the six current city council members and the mayor are white.
a 37-year-old arab motorist from east Jerusalem struck two people standing at a bus stop. one victim, identified by police as Shalom Yohai Cherki, 26, died at the hospital.
the 750-piece collection went under the hammer in new york on march 31. it featured bronze sculptures, jewelry, and a number of decorative arts and paintings. most of the items auctioned come from the apartment in new york that she lived in.
Oleg kalashnikov, a former member of parliament with ties to Yanukovych, was shot and killed. a day later, journalist Oles buzyna, 45, was killed near his home by shots fired from a dark blue car.
civil unions between people of the same sex will soon be recognized in Chile. the new law will take effect in six months. the law is intended to end discrimination faced by common-law couples.
after a century of development, half the everglades is dead, and the other half is on life support. john sutter: without this swamp, there can be no "good life" in florida. most of the drinking water in south florida comes from the aquifers beneath the swamp.
Yarmouk, the largest Palestinian refugee camp in Syria, has been engulfed in fighting since 2012. an estimated 18,000 refugees are now trapped inside Yarmouk, stuck between ISIS and regime forces.
study: china's cybercensors have developed a new IT weapon and have attacked servers outside their borders. the "great Cannon" blasts targeted Web servers with massive distributed denial of service attacks. it uses the Web browsers of unsuspecting Web surfers to do it.
investigators have not found any writings or conversations where Lubitz shared his motives. medical records reveal that Lubitz was suicidal at one time and underwent psychotherapy.
"anyone who thinks we will surrender is dreaming," rebel leader says. "our fighters will not evacuate from the main cities or the government institutions," he says.
peter bergen: 20 years ago, Timothy McVeigh detonated a truck bomb in Oklahoma city. he says the bombing exposed the danger of the extreme right.
more than 200 girls were kidnapped from their school in northern nigeria a year ago. millions joined a social media campaign to plead for their safe return. but as weeks turned into months, there was still no sign of the girls.
barney frank was the first member of congress to marry someone of the same-sex while in office. frank said he wasn't aware of a ballot proposal in california that would legalize killing gay people.
gunmen attacked the campus as morning prayers were underway. the harrowing attack comes just months after Al-Shabaab militants murdered non-Muslim workers in a Kenyan quarry.
university of Cape town students took to social media to demand Cecil Rhodes' statue come down. using the hashtag #RhodesMustFall, students expressed their views. #RhodesHasFall gained attention after activists threw excrement on the statue in march.
the death toll in syria has doubled in a year, an opposition group says. well over half of all Syrians are in dire need of survival aid, the u.n. says.
prosecutors say ailina tsarnaeva threatened a woman in a phone call this summer. "i know people that can put a bomb where you live," she said, according to the complaint.
a door bearing a graffiti drawing by banksy was seized by police in southern Gaza on Thursday. the owner of the door, Rabea darduna, says he sold the door without realizing its value. he says he was duped into believing the door was a normal door when it was really a canvas.
the coalition has destroyed air defense systems of the rebels, a source says. the coalition has rendered all but a fraction of air bases and stripes unusable.
andres iniesta came on in the 76th minute to be booed by the home fans. the midfielder started on the bench for the friendly against the netherlands. defenders stefan de vrij and davy Klaassen scored first-half goals.
UEFA has opened disciplinary proceedings against the Georgian football federation. fans invaded the pitch twice during the 2-0 defeat by germany in tbilisi. UEFA will decide the case on may 21.
as of April 1, anyone can become a football agent as long as they pay £500 for an initial one-year registration period. already established licensed agents were exempt. the new guidelines have come in after FIFA effectively washed their hands of governing agents.
Maksims uvarenko joined CSKA on an 18-month contract in January. he has not been paid for three months and has had to ask his parents to send him money to pay his rent. CSKA have issued a desperate plea to fans to provide emergency financial backing to avoid expulsion from the Bulgarian top division over debts.
David Moore, 25, went berserk with road rage after leaving his home in burnley. found himself nose-to-nose with Rafal cegielka, 45, who was picking up his child. jumped out of his vehicle and punched him through his open window. then ripped away a fencing panel from a nearby garden and chased victim. then armed himself with a hockey stick and shouted: 'i'll f***ing kill him'. court
Spain lost 2-0 to Holland in a friendly at the Amsterdam arena on tuesday. it was the third straight defeat for coach Vicente del bosque's side. but he insists he will not be too worried about a third straight defeat.
Ulrike Berger, 44, is barred by a court order from leaving the country with seven-year-old Kaia. but on march 22, a day after the little girl was dropped off for a weekend visit, they are believed to have boarded a plane to Europe. police say the pair were last seen at Berger's home in boerun hill, Brooklyn, at 10am on march 21.
flames up to 35ft high spread rapidly through the nature reserve near Christchurch. 80 firefighters spent six hours tackling the blaze at the nature reserve. police are treating the fire as suspicious and have appealed for witnesses. two schoolboys have been arrested on suspicion of deliberately starting three fires.
emergency services inundated with 600 calls an hour as revellers drank in 2012. call outs in london peaked between 2am and 3am when 638 calls were received. metropolitan police said they had made 77 arrests.
Simon mignolet was dropped 'indefinitely' by manager Brendan rodgers in December after a poor run of form. the 27-year-old quickly returned after Brad Jones sustained a thigh injury. mignolet has kept six consecutive clean sheets away from home.
twitter user Arke USA from Bryant, Arkansas, filmed the ice balls peppering his backyard and noisily plopping into the swimming pool. footage shows the hailstones coming down at speed, with many cracking as they hit the ground. along with hail, lighting and thunder also hit Arkansas and parts of Mississippi.
the crew of the Liana's ransom were forced to abandon ship after their vessel lost power in rough seas off the coast of Maine. the 85-foot-long replica schooner reported having issues with the engines around 12.35 a.m. on monday. two lifeboat crews were dispatched from Gloucester, massachusetts, to try and tow the vessel to shore, but 10-foot swells caused a tow line to break. the crew was ordered to
amazing pictures have emerged of blue fluorescent algae lighting up australia's east coast. the images were taken in Jervis bay which is in the south coast of new south wales. photographer Andy Hutchinson described the sight as a 'beautiful supernatural scene' caused by plankton omitting light.
Rahul Kumar, 17, clambered over the enclosure fence at a zoo in india. he began running towards the animals shouting 'today i kill a lion!' luckily, he fell into a moat as he ran towards the lions.
the incident happened last weekend in Nanchang, the provincial capital of Jiangxi in southeastern china.
the red wings forward was struck by Ottawa's mark stone during a faceoff during the first period of the team's game against the senators on tuesday. stone lifted his skate and struck Miller under his visor. he was left with a gash across both sides of his eyelid and bruising below his right eye.'very blessed the skate didn't hit my eye,' Miller said at practice on wednesday.
Filipe lus insists he wants to stay at Chelsea until the end of his contract. atletico madrid are considering re-signing the defender in the summer. the full back has struggled to make the left back position his own.
Charlie sumner ran topless onto the pitch during royals' win over Bradford. the 20-year-old did four front flips on the pitch before being tackled by stewards. he said going to his first game at the Madejski stadium was a 'brilliant experience'
about half a dozen people were sitting on the roof of the vehicle. the van toppled on to one side at high speed on a road near salé, Morocco. footage was taken from a car following the vehicle.
England have been drawn with the republic of ireland, holland and italy. the tournament will take place in Bulgaria between may 6 and 22. the tournament has been expanded from eight to 16 nations for first time.
wildlife creature was relaxing in the Kruger national park in south africa. the bull approached - much to the elephant's annoyance. the elephant squirts the bull with water stored up its trunk.
Michael Thorpe, 55, was convicted of showing a premier league game without having an agreement with official broadcasters in 2006. he said he could not afford to pay sky's rates for football matches. opted instead to show Albanian transmissions of matches, which he says was legal. but he was convicted, fined and ordered to pay costs eight years ago. judge has now upheld his appeal and overturned the conviction.
cracks in the structure of the west stand were spotted on Tuesday morning. the area was sealed off as structural engineers carried out an assessment of the damage. the next qualifier for northern ireland is against pool leaders Romania on June 13.
Charlie sumner, 20, staged a one-man pitch invasion at Reading's Madejski Stadium during the team's FA cup quarter final replay with Bradford city last month. he did four front flips on the pitch, landing on his back each time, before being tackled by stewards. sumner is now facing a potential three-year ban for carrying out the stunt. the order, due to be decided on April 30, would stop him going to all Reading's future home and away matches.
Hina Shamim, 21, was knocked down and killed as she walked to the library. she was due to complete her dissertation just weeks before her 22nd birthday. friends have left flowers at the scene and paid tribute to the talented student. a 34-year-old man has been arrested on suspicion of causing death by dangerous driving.
the pair were caught on camera at langham creek high school, in houston. the mother, who has not been identified, was reportedly angry with the girl because she had allegedly been bullying her daughter. the video, which was posted online, but has now been taken down, shows the mother - wearing jeans and black top - attacking the student.
asmir Begovic has just over 12 months to run on his current deal. the 27-year-old has regularly been linked with other clubs. chief executive Tony Scholes is hopeful they can keep hold of Begovic.
a passenger filmed the driver on a bus in Auckland, new Zealand. the video was sent to bus company Ritchies coachlines along with a complaint. boss Andrew Ritchie said he was embarrassed by the 'idiot' driver's actions.
west ham host bottom club luton at the etihad stadium on saturday. hammers boss allardyce has confirmed defender Winston Reid will be fit. but he says winger enner valencia is still not match fit.
five days before their wedding, college sweethearts Brittany huber and John redman were involved in a deadly car crash on a Georgia highway. the bride to be was killed on impact and the groom was left clinging to life. redman survived, but his body was left shattered and he was told by his doctors that he was likely to spend the rest of his life in a nursing home, confined to a wheelchair. 11 months later, he helped lead his team
Lucas played 90 minutes in the charity match at anfield on sunday. the midfielder missed 10 games with a groin injury in february. the brazilian is hoping to slot back in seamlessly with captain Steven Gerrard suspended for three matches for his sending off against united.
a series of images by photographer yûki aoyama capture fathers leaping into the air next to their daughters. the 37-year-old's images are said to be part of a book which roughly translates as Daughter and Salaryman.
the robbery took place at 12.30pm at a Lloyds bank branch in Cardiff. police have issued CCTV images of the suspect, who is 5ft 9in to 6ft. detectives said no one was injured during the robbery and they were 'confident' the public would be able to identify the suspect.
the court of arbitration for sport has lifted Morocco's ban from the next two editions of the africa cup of nations. the ban was imposed by the confederation of african football. the north- african nation was expelled from the 2017 and 2019 tournaments.
young defender Jason denayer has impressed on loan at Celtic this season. the 19-year-old recently won his first international cap for Belgium. denayer has been tipped to partner city team-mate Vincent Kompany.
andros townsend scored in the 1-1 friendly draw with italy on tuesday. the 23-year-old said critics like naysayers provided the motivation. townsend has yet to reach the heights of his international career.
dalian Wanda group have formalised their purchase of 20 per cent of spanish champions atletico madrid. the legal team representing Wanda Madrid investment signed off on the purchase of 726,707 shares for €45million (£32.8m) the deal was initially announced in January but two EGMs were needed in order to ratify the deal.
italy drew 1-1 with england in a friendly at the Juventus stadium on tuesday. former juventus boss Antonio conte returned to Turin for the game. he insisted his return prompted 'fond memories' despite reports he received death threats.
dumbarton have faced both of his former teams in the championship this term. but Murray believes that second place hibs have an easier run-in. hibs beat dumbarton and cowdenbeath while Rangers lost to Raith.
Simon mignolet had been with the Belgium squad for their Euro 2016 qualifiers against Cyprus and Israel. the 27-year-old posted the pictures of himself in the cockpit on his official facebook account on Wednesday. mignolet is back in england ahead of Liverpool's crucial premier league game with top-four rivals arsenal at the Emirates on saturday.
Chyknell hall estate near Bridgnorth, shropshire, boasts a swimming pool, tennis court, stables and cricket green. its centrepiece, the 11-bedroom manor house, was built in 1814 and has only changed hands twice since. estate also boasts a wine cellar, four-oven Aga, loggia, library and billiard room.
the incident occurred at El centro college and was captured on cell phone by student Charles Adams, who was smoking a cigarette when he witnessed the abuse at first hand last Wednesday. the footage shows the young men being ordered to face a brick wall, while one of the campus cops searched, questioned, and even hit one of the teens. the college has said it is seeking an opinion from the Texas attorney general and isn't releasing the police report because the subjects in the incident are minors.
Gary locke has been given the job at Kilmarnock on a permanent basis. the former hearts boss has signed a three-year deal at the club. the 39-year-old has lost just once in seven games since taking over.
borussia dortmund host bayern munich in one of the biggest fixtures on the german footballing calendar this weekend. the two giant antagonists of the german game meet with 31 points and nine positions separating them in the standings. borussia monchengladbach can strengthen their grip on a place in the champions league with a win at hoffenheim.
Deva Joseph, 14, was reduced to tears at London Stansted airport. teenager offered to pay for second item to be put in the hold. but she was told only credit cards would be accepted - even though she is too young to have one.
Gordon Robson, 26, was a pallbearer at his grandfather's funeral. he got into an argument with a friend of father-of-one John Potts, 45. fighting broke out outside a sports bar and mr potts stepped in to stop it. he was hit so hard there was an 'audible crack' before he fell to the ground. Robson was jailed for just three and a half years for the attack last year
Ellen white scored a free kick in the 26th minute against her former club. the notts county star missed a penalty which would have made it 2-0. however, she also missed a penalty which would have made it 2-0. arsenal equalised five minutes from time to earn a point.
the 68 girls aged between 16 and 18 are being trained by a former special forces solider at the 27th march Huizhou Integrated high school. in a concession to safety, the knives are fake and pose no danger to students. every female student at the school will undergo some form of self-defence training.
30 percent of australians complain about their lack of sleep on a daily basis. the average adult needs around eight hours of sleep per night. any less than six or any more than ten hours is unusual for the standard person.
footage has surfaced of a quarrel between neighbours in a Perth suburb. the clip shows an angry woman unleashing a racist tirade over her fence. she then appears in her neighbour's front yard brandishing a crowbar. the men then pick up their own weapons and a scuffle breaks out.
defender's buy-out clause is currently set at £13.5m. manchester city, arsenal and chelsea are all interested. gaya is an attack-minded left-back who likes to get forward at every opportunity. the 19-year-old grew up playing as a winger before being moved back.
police in Oregon are enlisting the help of the public to identify a mystery motorcyclist who saved the day after a man allegedly threatened two teens with a handgun. a stranger on a green motorcycle swooped in and used his helmet to knock the gun out of the man's hands, allowing the teens to escape. police say the two 17-year-old boys were crossing center street when Edward west, 59, yelled for them to get out of the road.
aston villa captain will return to action against manchester united on saturday. the 30-year-old is out of contract at the end of the season. he has only made 12 premier league starts this season due to injury.
Tim sherwood insists he is not concerned by talks of a takeover. sherwood's side are three points above the relegation zone in 16th. villa take on manchester united at old trafford on saturday.
Jason denayer has been on loan at Celtic this season from manchester city. the 19-year-old has impressed for the scottish champions at parkhead. but manuel pellegrini has admitted that his academy players are not yet ready to step into the first-team.
Fraser forster suffered a serious knee injury in the 2-0 win over burnley. the england goalkeeper has undergone surgery. estimates for his comeback have ranged from four to 12 months. manager Ronald Koeman would not be drawn on whether a new keeper will be signed in the summer.
Robert Tesche opened the scoring for Birmingham city in the 27th minute. Clayton Donaldson doubled the visitors lead in the 43rd minute. matt derbyshire pulled one back for fourth-bottom Rotherham in the 48th minute. referee Dean whitestone waved away appeals for a penalty.
Virgil van dijk has never been capped by the holland national team. the defender made it into two squads last year. van dijk has been in fine form for celtic this season. he says he was happy for team-mate Jason denayer to make his debut for Belgium against Israel.
Celtic have complained to the SFA over ticket prices for their Scottish cup semi-final against inverness at Hampden. the match is scheduled for 12.15pm on sunday, a week before the first trains from inverness arrive in glasgow. ticket prices were set at £23 for the north and south stands, with the east stand being £15 for adults and £5 for concessions.
the Ibrox outfit will be forced to delist from the alternative investment market. trading in Rangers shares was suspended when previous nomad, WH Ireland, resigned just two days before the march 6 EGM that ousted the old board. interim chairman Paul Murray insists the new board’s plans for the future will be unaffected.
england drew 1-1 with italy at the Juventus stadium on tuesday night. the three lions deservedly went behind in the first half. but andros townsend equalised for the away side.
arabtrust and the federation of Dundee united supporters clubs say they are'shocked' that 25 per cent of £6.3million worth of transfer fees were paid in commission to unnamed parties. the supporters groups also disputed chairman Stephen Thompson's alleged level of investment in the club. the club responded by pointing to their on-field success in a statement.
Gary locke will be confirmed as Kilmarnock's permanent manager on friday. the 39-year-old former hearts boss will be given a three-year deal. locke replaced Allan Johnston on a caretaker basis in february.
the five-year-old child is called mai zizhuo and he has been shooting hoops since he was two and a half years old. his incredible skills have won him legions of fans across basketball-mad china.
David alaba has been ruled out for around seven weeks with a torn knee ligament. the left-back was injured while playing for Austria in their 1-1 draw against Bosnia on Tuesday. the 22-year-old is set to start rehabilitation work in about a month.
Dane tilse has signed a two-and-a-half-year contract with the Robins. the 6ft 7in, 17st-plus forward will join as soon as he receives paperwork. he will link up with his old Canberra team-mate Terry campese. tilse comes in after the retirements of michael weyman and Ryan Bailey.
Darren Cole's cousin was found dead in a street in florida last weekend. the 22-year-old was found by a hit-and-run driver with a head injury. livingston face alloa in their first national final in 11 years on sunday.
Alan Smith suffered a broken leg and a dislocated ankle in 2006. the incident occurred after he blocked a free-kick at anfield. reports circulated that liverpool fans attacked the ambulance he was travelling in. but he insists that was not the case and that fans were still in the ground.
Danny Wilson is out of contract at hearts at the end of the season. Celtic are considering a £400,000 offer for the defender. virgil van dijk and Jason denayer are also targets for the scottish club.
Ronny deila insists Celtic will not risk their champions league aspirations by embarking on another pre-season travel schedule. the Norwegian blamed last summer’s money-spinning programme of games in the united states, Austria, germany for a damaging 4-1 qualifying defeat to legia warsaw. a return to the united states for this summer has not yet been ruled out.
Kevin de bruyne has been linked with a move to bayern munich. the 23-year-old playmaker has nine goals and 16 assists this season. but francis ribery says de bruyne doesn't mesh with pep guardiola's style.
davon durant, a promising linebacker at the university of arizona, was arrested last month on domestic violence charges. his girlfriend of 18 months, Kelsi langley, claimed that he hit her in the face and grabbed her neck during an argument in his car. she has now publicly recanted her story, saying that she lied because she was jealous of other girls who tried to talk to him. the 19-year-old held a press conference on campus with civil rights leader rever
the pitcher snapped a selfie in front a little boy wearing a dark blue shirt with verlander's name and jersey number, 35. the pitcher uploaded the selfie to his more than 150,000 Instagram followers writing: 'Love having my fans support!! this little guy was pretty surprised when he turned around' this isn't the first time a celebrity has snapped a selfie with an unsuspecting fan. in January, former Philadelphia Phillies pitcher Roy halladay tweeted a photo of himself in front
Eden Hazard was substituted with 28 minutes to go in belgium's 1-0 win over Israel in european championship qualifying group b on tuesday night. the 24-year-old playmaker has played all but five games this season for club and country, missing just five matches for the blues. the playmaker was clearly unhappy to have been substituted and looked to shoot Marc Wilmots a disapproving look.
police discovered 20 grams of marijuana hidden within a leg of lamb in the northern territory. the slab of meat and its unusual herb accompaniment was found by police. officers decided to x-ray the lamb, which revealed the 20g bag of marijuana. the stash would have been worth $2000 if it had been sold.
former premier league defender said he has'moved out of marital home' the 35-year-old tried to kill himself in. December, two days after he was arrested on suspicion of drink-driving. father-of-three stepped in front of a 12-ton truck on the. a64 near york. suffered cuts, bruises, internal bleeding, a broken rib and a shattered left knee.
andros townsend came off the bench to score the equaliser in the 1-1 draw with italy in turin on Tuesday night. the 23-year-old was criticised in his column for sky sports. he said: 'if andros townsend can get in then it opens it up for anybody. we are not picking players who are playing well for their clubs – he got taken off after 30 minutes the other week against united'
Cesc Fabregas captained spain in their 2-0 defeat by holland on tuesday. the 27-year-old has struggled to make an impact in midfield this season. he was given just four out of 10 by one spanish newspaper on tuesday.
five men and one woman detained at approximately 8am this morning in the departure zone of the south coast port. four of the men, all in their 20s, are from Birmingham, west Midlands. a 26-year-old man and a 23-year-old woman of no fixed abode were also held.
britons spend an average of £62 a week on rewarding themselves, according to research by website vouchercodes.co.uk. men spend a third more a month than women on treating themselves. shoppers of Swansea are the most frivolous, with 44% splurging as soon as they are paid.
arsene wenger believes the rules of the game must be structured to favour the best or we are not in a competition anymore. wenger believes that the rules of the game must be structured to favour the best or we are not in a competition anymore. a cursory glance at wenger’s transfer record shows in his bid to save the premier league from english mediocrity he has signed Tomas Danilevicius, Igor Stepanovs, Kaba Diawara, Sebastian S
Charlie Austin and club captain Joey barton have become good friends. the pair ignored each other on their first day at queens park rangers. barton came in the next day, shook Austin's hand and invited him out to dinner. the 25-year-old says his side can't afford to lose their next two games.
the black pooch was filmed in action as he took a rescue rope out to his owner at the clarence j. brown dam and reservoir in Springfield, ohio, on saturday afternoon. the man apparently got stuck waist-deep in mud while recovering some duck hunting gear. first responders were unable to get a boat out to him because the river was too shallow. they also didn't want to send anyone into the pond in fear that they would get stuck too.
juve are 14 points clear at the top of Serie a with 10 games to play. coach massimiliano allegri says he does not expect to be fully embraced by the club's fans until he steers the club to a title. if they win the league, it will be a fourth straight scudetto for the club.
Bradley Johnson scored a second-half winner for the hosts at the amex stadium. it took just 10 seconds from start to finish for the striker to score the winner. the win takes Alex Neil's record as manager to 11 wins from 16.
the statue depicts ball during one of her most loved moments on the pioneering show 'i love Lucy,' in which she pitches an intoxicating health tonic while drunk. the depiction is so unflattering a facebook page called 'We Love Lucy! get rid of this statue' has attracted more than 600 likes. artist Dave poulin has declined comment.
Issac luke will be investigated by the NRL integrity unit. the 27-year-old posted an offensive remark on social media. luke hit back at the taunts saying: 'get off my page you lil poofters' the south Sydney hooker had made a heartfelt appeal on his official Instagram account.
a huntsman spider crawled out from under a car door handle in victoria. a man sprays his car with insect repellent before the spider emerges. the spider drops onto the road and retreats underneath the vehicle.
Mauricio pochettino has compared Harry Kane to argentine Gabriel batistuta. the former argentine international says he will be there to help him. pochettino played alongside batistuta with the argentine national team.
former winger lured fellow footballers into £30million investment scheme. promised 20 per cent return and he was known as'mr big' in marbella. but scheme collapsed amid mounting debts and he was declared bankrupt. the 35-year-old is now being chased through the courts by creditors. told a hearing he is now surviving on the generosity of 'good friends'
former juve midfielder Pavel nedved has revealed that barcelona are interested in signing french midfielder Paul pogba. the frenchman has been strongly linked with a move to paris st Germain. but the director insists that pogba won't be moving anywhere. he also admitted that he was pleased that juve didn't draw with the catalan side in the quarter-finals of the champions league.
James Oliver, 48, was left with a serious leg injury after being allegedly hit by a car driven by Linda currier, 53. police report that they found Oliver in the driveway of a home in Noblesboro, Maine, on Saturday night. they said that the pair had argued inside the home after currier caught him allegedly trying to sexually assault the young girl.
fiorentina goalkeeper neto's contract expires in the summer. the 25-year-old is wanted by a number of top european clubs. the former atletico paranaense keeper's agent says he is also wanted by PSG and clubs in spain.
a Porsche cayman swerves wildly as it speeds from a green light on prince edward island in canada. a wheel even comes off before the car finally comes to a halt. 'just cause you have a nice car doesn't make you a good driver. don't let your son drive your Porsche!' wrote YouTube user Richard Stewart.
Lee cattermole will return to the starting line-up for sunderland on sunday. midfielder has served a two-match ban for reaching 10 bookings for the season. wes brown faces up to a month on the sidelines with a knee problem. massadio Haidara has undergone knee surgery and will not play again this season.
Rory McIlroy has released a video in conjunction with his sponsor bose. the video chronicles his journey from playing the back greens as a youngster to conquering the golfing world. the northern Irishman's implosion at the WGC Cadillac championship when he threw his 3-iron in the lake is also covered.
Sergio garcia is focused on winning his first PGA tour title since 2012. the 35-year-old finished third 12 months ago but missed the cut at augusta. the golf club of Houston is set up to replicate some of the conditions the players will face at augusta.
Riki Hughes, 31, stole £17,000 from club where he volunteered as secretary. spent the money on camping equipment and a stag holiday to las vegas. former soldier jailed for 16 months at salisbury crown court.
racing metro face Saracens in the european champions cup on sunday. the french side are in the knock-out stages of the elite event for the first time. Johnny sexton wants to fill the void left by not winning a medal with racing. the 29-year-old has won 11 knock-out games in continental rugby.
mustafa kamal accuses india of influencing the outcome of the cricket world cup quarter-final against Bangladesh. 'from now on, I am a former president of the ICC. I would have reacted similarly had it happened to any other country,' he said. 'i told them during the meeting that I did not speak against any particular person or country. why should I apologise?'.
Nigel Pearson has been involved in a number of controversial incidents. west ham boss Sam allardyce says he is 'his own man'. the pair will be reunited at the King power stadium on saturday. click here for all the latest premier league news.
sunderland host Newcastle at the stadium of light on sunday afternoon. the black cats have won the last four meetings between the two sides. but they are in grave need of three points to ease themselves out of the relegation zone.
mark Hughes says his side must end barren run at stamford bridge. the last time the two sides met at the stadium was a 1-1 draw in 1984. 'our record there hasn't been great - but that could be said of most clubs in the premier league recently,' insists Hughes.
Papiss cisse is top scorer for the magpies this season with 11 goals. 10 of those goals were decisive in changing games in the magpies' favour. cisse has almost single-handedly lifted the magpies to mid-table.
'controller' Lee cattermole has missed the last two games through suspension. the 27-year-old enforcer was unavailable for sunderland's first game in charge, a 1-0 defeat at westham united on march 21. but cattermole was the only man told he will definitely start against Newcastle on sunday during Friday's team meeting.
UEFA have increased the Champions league money. the last time Celtic reached the group stage, they earned £12.6m. if they reach the last 16, that sum would rise to £20m. manager Ronny deila says it's not all about the money.
Ben Davies will allow no quarter given if he makes his first appearance for the club since the 2-1 win at QPR on saturday. the defender was also part of the team which beat Israel 3-0 in their Euro 2016 qualifying tie in haifa. 'it is always strange coming up against somebody who is normally a team-mate, but regardless of that burnley is a tough place to go,' Davies said.
director of football Nicola salerno suspended assistant manager Steve Thompson. salerno told Thompson he will be suspended until end of the season. manager Neil redfearn considering his future at the club.
Newcastle face sunderland at the stadium of light on sunday afternoon. the magpies have lost the last four games against their north-east rivals. head coach carver says he will whip his players to keep them motivated.
David templeton has praised the impact of new boss Stuart McCall. the winger says the new methods are superior to the previous ones. the ibrox club host championship title-winners hearts on saturday.
Lionel messi should be fit to face celta on sunday after recovering from a foot injury. but nolito has urged the argentine to stay away from the spanish coast. the 28-year-old played alongside messi for a period at barcelona.
Robbie Neilson insists he will not sell his players unless it is right for the club. Celtic have placed former rangers defender Danny Wilson on a list of potential summer recruits. 'if you do really well in the championship and the players excel then there is going to be interest,' admitted the manager.
Sam allardyce believes putting Raheem sterling on a bumper new deal could cause a ripple effect across the rest of the Liverpool squad. sterling is currently on £100,000-per-week at the anfield club. allardyce does not blame sterling for trying to get as much as possible.
the 25-year-old has been training with the championship club this week. he is a free agent and had been playing for Colorado rapids. former Austria under-21 international had spell with inverness caledonian thistle in 2011.
Tony Pulis is plotting talks with west bromwich albion chairman Jeremy peace once premier league safety is secured. the baggies finished 10th and 8th under Roy hodgson and Steve Clarke before struggling for survival in a chaotic campaign last season. they were in danger of the drop again this year with Alan Irvine in charge.
theo Walcott has made just five starts for arsenal this season. arsene wenger has only briefly experimented with the winger up front. the arsenal legend believes that would be 'a shame' for the winger.
Roberto Martinez is backing Ross barkley to become an even more influential player for everton and england. the 21-year-old has had an indifferent campaign for the toffees. barkley has had a knee operation which disrupted his return to domestic duty.
Sehrou Guirassy and gnaly cornet put the hosts in command. a late response from Fulham's Patrick Roberts wasn't enough. the result means the young lions miss out on the european championships.
Jonas gutierrez has been a substitute in each of the last three games. the 31-year-old has received a hero's reception from Newcastle fans. the midfielder is determined to make amends for recent derby disappointments.
NRL referees and officials have been struck with projectiles by angry fans after a tight contest between the bulldogs and the rabbittohs. fans turned on referee Gerard sutton and his colleagues after they penalised bulldogs captain james graham in the final minute. as referees, officials and players made their way off the field and towards the tunnel after full time, a section of the crowd started hurling plastic water bottles and abuse at them. side
former england captain will quit rugby league at the end of the season. he will join sister club Yorkshire Carnegie on an 18-month contract. castleford head coach daryl Powell has warned sinfield he will be a target. 'you're a bit of a target. you're a bit of a target,' says Powell.
Raheem sterling has admitted he is not ready to sign a new contract at Liverpool. the 20-year-old was offered a £100,000-a-week deal to stay at the club. however, he admitted he would have signed for a lot less a year ago.
Brighton and hove albion are giving young players training in the law and ethics surrounding sexual consent. the championship side are the first club to provide such training. the Protect, Inform and Prevent (PIP) programme aims to explain when consent can be said to have been given, in law.
the clip was filmed by the creative agency leo burnett for the homeless charity humans for humans. many of the people break down in tears as they read comments like, 'i hate the homeless, I don’t feel sorry for you' and 'i saw a homeless girl across the street. I almost vomited'
George boyd is the premier league's hardest working player. the burnley winger has run the equivalent of running from Turf moor to crystal palace's Selhurst park. Christian Eriksen is second in the list, 0.4 miles behind the england international.
child's father, 25, and mother, 25, held after daughter died yesterday. police were called to their home in Perry Barr, Birmingham, at 1am yesterday. child was taken to Birmingham children's hospital but died hours later.
sterling has been offered £100,000-a-week by manager Brendan rodgers. talks have ended in stalemate and sterling has insisted he is not a'money grabber' the 20-year-old has been linked with arsenal and leading clubs in spain.
former manchester united midfielder was sent off for internacional. he shoved Ypiranga erechim striker Otacilio neto off the ball. neto retaliated by appearing to aim an elbow at the brazilian. internacional's Fabricio was also sent off for swearing at his own fans.
the boy, who suffered 30 per cent burns to his body, managed to escape. police have registered a case under sections 307 (attempt to murder) and 377 (sodomy) of the Indian Penal Code. the boy is being treated at the thane civil hospital, about 30 minutes away.
dug the pug was hiking in fontana, canada, when he heard a rattle. his owner, Lindsay Castro, backed away, but he ran up to the reptile. the snake bit him in the face, and his face ballooned to twice its size. after two days of intensive antidote treatment, he is ready to go home.
Jose mourinho left real madrid for chelsea in 2013. he left amid rumours of bust-ups with senior players. but defender alvaro arbeloa says the door will never be closed. arbeloa also credits mourinho for last season's champions league win.
liverpool lost 4-1 to arsenal at the emirates on saturday afternoon. manager Brendan rodgers admitted his side's chances of qualifying for the champions league were over. he did not pretend that this has not been a difficult season for the club. but it is an uncomfortable, uncertain time for the manager and his players.
inter coach Roberto mancini has cancelled his players' day off on Easter. the first team trained at 8:30 a.m. local time, watched by vice-president javier zanetti and sporting director Piero ausilio. mancini was furious with his players' attitude after the 1-1 home draw with bottom-of-the-table Parma on saturday.
ex-manchester united and england defender's expired passport was listed on ebay. the item was listed earlier in march and bidding ended on tuesday. it is unclear whether anyone actually stumped up the eye-watering sum.
paddy morrall noticed the full-length Christ on a snapped scaffolding board. the 31-year-old builder noticed the image in inverness, scotland, on Wednesday. it comes two days after a shop assistant spotted the image on a hot cross bun.
ondrej duda scored in the 49th minute for his second international goal. it was the third victory for Slovakia in the 10th match against the Czechs since Czechoslovakia's split in 1993.
Benzema posted a video showcasing his rapping skills in his bugatti veyron. the real madrid forward is cruising along in his Bugatti. Benzema has scored 20 goals in all competitions this season.
pro-ukip businessman Harvey boulter is behind extraordinary bid to defeat 'golden boy' tory candidate. boulter has already given £30,000 to the candidate fighting Fox in his Somerset seat in a continued vendetta against him. he is also spending another £30,000 to try to defeat tory candidate Tom Tugendhat.
two goals inside the last four minutes saw the Yorkshire derby end in a 1-1 draw. the result leaves Huddersfield without a win in their last seven games.
Stuart davis scored twice as Brentford beat Fulham 4-1 on good friday. the 23-year-old spent three months on loan at northampton. manager mark warburton says it is down to his loan spell at northampton.
a new facebook graph reveals the favorite baseball teams in the country by sorting through people's likes and breaking down winners by county. the new york Yankees and Boston red sox come in first and second respectively in terms of the number of people who claim them as their favorite. also making a very impressive showing are the Texas Rangers and Atlanta braves.
Trey Moses, a senior at eastern high school in Louisville, Kentucky who will play for ball state next year, asked Ellie Meredith to be his date to the upcoming prom. he surprised her during her P.E. class with a bunch of flowers and a sign reading: 'let's party like it's 1989'. the night before the promposal, Moses texted Ellie's parents to get their permission - and they were thrilled.
'This is not Frank underwood,' the president said after turning his head underwood, who is played by actor Kevin spacey. 'this is Barack Obama. happy april fools' day. Frank learned it from me,' he said.
Ludovic obsraniak taken to hospital with suspected heart problem. midfielder was substituted during match against Fenerbahce on saturday. the 30-year-old is currently on loan at caykur Rizespor from werder Bremen.
the head-on collision occurred on warringah road in frenchs forest. the 1973 E-type Jaguar was completely written off in the crash. all three adults were taken to hospital as a precaution.
residents from Lijin village in dongying city carry the explosive in bags as long as six metres on rickshaws. worried passers-by compare this behaviour to carrying a bomb on their backs because any contact with a naked flame could spell disaster.
Tiger woods has not appeared on the PGA tour since february 5. the former world no 1 has taken a leave of absence in a bid to return to form. there has been speculation he will return for this year's first major.
the 44-page document was commissioned by executives at the corporation. they then hired an agency to research how smiley faces could be used. emoji designers were also told to make graphics for the faces of stars.
Moses Kipsiro raised allegations with authorities in his native Uganda that a coach has been sexually abusing female athletes. the 28-year-old told sportsmail of the day five female runners came to him for help; and the death threats he says he has received. he said he will have to leave Uganda with his wife and three children if the police fail to investigate his claims.
curacao advanced to the second qualifying round in concacaf on tuesday. the team drew 2-2 in a second-leg match at montserrat to win 4-3 on aggregate. coach Patrick Kluivert worked with louis van gaal at the 2014 world cup.
Brady eaves, 18, shrieked with laughter as he bit the head off a hamster in a video from a drunken spring break party. the footage, allegedly filmed in florida, could see him charged with felony animal cruelty charges, which carry a maximum jail term of five years. he has been withdrawn from the university of Mississippi, where he was on a scholarship, and submitted for mental health tests. his stepfather, former gubernatorial
sri lanka's Kumar Sangakkara will retire from limited overs cricket. the 37-year-old scored four successive centuries before bowing out of world cup. sports minister has asked the batsman to continue for another year.
Dougie Fife, alasdair Dickinson and Ross Ford were all rested for last week's Guinness pro12 26-15 win over scarlets in llanelli. but the trio have been recalled by head coach Alan Solomons for the madejski stadium clash with the exiles.
QPR face west brom at the hawthorns in the premier league on saturday. qpr are 19th in the table, four points adrift of 17th-placed sunderland. manager Chris Ramsey has hailed Tony Pulis as one of the best coaches in britain, but says he won't be asking for his advice.
Silhan Ozcelik, 18, went missing from her Kurdish family’s home in north London last October, while she was still only 17. the teenager travelled on the Eurostar with another man to Stuttgart, where the Kurdish Workers’ party (PKK) youth movement have their headquarters. she was then detained at Stansted airport after she returned to the UK from Germany on January 16.
esteban cambiasso won five back to back Serie a titles with inter Milan. he also won the champions league with the club in 2010. cambiasso joined Leicester last summer on a free transfer.
manchester city won the premier league title last season after going top with one game to play. in 2012, city beat manchester united on goal difference after a dramatic injury time winner against QPR. crystal palace boss Alan pardew believes the race for the title is far from over.
Hull city have reapplied to have the club name changed to Hull Tigers. the initial request was blocked by the football association. the move angered fans who believed they had won the battle to keep their current. but boss Steve Bruce has revealed owner assem allam has reapplied.
Jefferson montero suffered a muscle strain against mexico on saturday. the winger is expected to be out for the rest of the season. tom Carroll is definitely out after damaging ankle ligaments on under 21 duty.
John bramblitt, 42, developed epilepsy aged 11 and over the next 19 years it slowly caused him to lose his eyesight. at the age of 30, the artist from denton in texas was completely blind. despite this, he decided that an inability to see should not prevent him from painting.
jose mourinho's side travel to stamford bridge to face Stoke on saturday. jose mourinho's side are currently third in the premier league table. mourinho's side have lost just one of their last nine home matches.
Rangers boss wants to win one visit from an Edinburgh club at Ibrox this season. hearts beat the scottish champions 2-1 at Ibrox back in august. hibernian beat the same opponents 3-1 and 2-0 last time out.
steven johansen scored the only goal of the game for the scottish champions. johansen converted from the penalty spot after a foul on james forrest. the result leaves Celtic eight points clear at the top of the scottish premiership.
Charles piutau will join Ulster on a two-year deal from 2016. the 23-year-old has played for the blues in new zealand since 2012. piutau has won 14 caps for the all blacks.
alessandro diamanti and Mohamed salah scored in 2-0 win over sampdoria. on loan Chelsea winger Salah added a second two minutes later. miralem pjanic's goal gave AS Roma a 1-0 win over napoli in Serie a.
juve maintain 14-point lead at top of Serie a table with nine games to go. bianconeri beat Empoli 2-0 to establish 14-point advantage at top. Roma strengthened grip on second place thanks to 1-0 win over Napoli. lazio clinched seventh consecutive league win, 3-1 at 10-man cagliari.
Kevin de bruyne is wanted by a host of clubs but no deal has been agreed. the midfielder has been one of the hottest prospects in european football. de bruyne has established himself as one of the best playmakers in the Bundesliga.
garry monk is out to claim a season-first against relegation-threatened Hull. the swansea boss is hoping to pick up a point after an international break. monk's side have not picked up a point after an international break this term.
Ronaldo is a co-owner of second tier united states side, fort Lauderdale strikers. the 2002 world cup winner wants to make the team a major global force. 'i would pay from my own pocket to sign messi,' says Ronaldo.
George north has been knocked unconscious three times in recent months. he was on Wednesday being assessed by a neurologist. 'we won't play him at the weekend,' said saints director of rugby Jim mallinder.
cesar azpilicueta's Chelsea sit top of the premier league table ahead of facing Stoke city at stamford bridge on saturday. the spanish defender puts that down to the lightning start they made back in august, winning seven of their first eight games to take up first place. the blues have only briefly relinquished the title lead since their impressive 3-1 win over burnley at Turf moor on august 18.
Mohamed Diame has been out for more than four months with a knee injury. the £3.5m midfielder is set to return for the visit of Swansea on saturday. the tigers are currently just three points above the relegation zone.
toby alderweireld will return to atletico madrid when his loan spell ends. the 26-year-old has impressed this season on loan at south coast club. alderweireld has hinted he would like to remain permanently in the premier league.
Tom Carroll scored the winning goal for the under 21s against the Czech republic last friday. the 22-year-old has made 18 appearances for the Swansea side. the midfielder is on loan at the club from premier league champions spurs.
winger limped off against shakhtar donetsk after picking up an injury. but he is hopeful he could be back for the german cup quarter-finals. 'this injury came at a terrible time, I was just getting in form,' he said.
Philipp lahm has made a full recovery from a broken ankle. midfielders arjen robben, javi martinez and franck ribery are all out. defenders David alaba and thiago alcantara could also miss the match.
burnley host Tottenham in the premier league on sunday afternoon. veteran defender michael Duff has backed his manager to one day take charge of the english national team. the 37-year-old has played in eight different divisions before finding himself taking on the likes of united and manchester united.
Mauricio pochettino has given Harry Kane his blessing to play in the european under 21 championships this summer. gareth southgate has confirmed the striker will be in gareth southgate's squad for the tournament in the Czech republic. the 21-year-old frontman made his senior english debut against italy last week.
alvaro morata joined the italian giants for £15.8million last summer. the 22-year-old started just three games in la liga for real last season. he signed a five-year deal at the Juventus Stadium after failing to break into the first-team on a regular basis.
large parts of the rail network are set to be closed for repair works. more than half the games are set to be affected by delays and disruption. labour accuses the government of failing to learn from the boxing day chaos.
Brentford beat local rivals Fulham 4-1 at Craven Cottage on saturday. Stuart Dallas scored twice and substitute Alan judge added a third. a late fourth from jose jota ensured all three points for the Bees. mark warburton was delighted with his side's performance.
the barclays premier league have announced the final set of televised fixtures for the 2014-15 season. sky sports' and BT sport's allocation has been revealed with the race for the champions league featuring prominently. the TV schedule for the final day of the season, Sunday, may 24, will be announced at a later date.
father-and-son team bill and Scooter Yoak reconstructed the plane from more than 200 parts as a tribute to american servicemen who have died in combat. the P-51, nicknamed the'resurrected veteran', was pieced together by bill Yoak, who did all the metal work by hand.
Brazil's world cup stadium in Natal is being sold by owner grupo OAS. the company is also trying to sell the 50 percent share it owns of the Fonte Nova arena in Salvador. the company has struggled for months with the impact of a corruption investigation at state-controlled oil company Petrobras.
13 democratic and republican senators have written to FIFA. they say they'strongly encourage' them to move the tournament. the decision on the 2026 tournament will be made in 2017.
Thomaz alckmin, son of the city governor, was one of the victims. the helicopter crashed in the Carapicuiba area on the outskirts of the city. it is understood three mechanics, as well as the pilot, were among the dead.
Jos hooiveld scored in the 87th minute to earn millwall a 2-1 win. alou diarra had put the addicks ahead with a brilliant strike in the first half. charlton captain Chris solly was sent off for deliberate handball in the box.
the humble hatchback was designed to help french farmers transport sheep. it accounts for two in every three cars sold in the uk. seven of the top ten sellers last year are classed as hatchbacks.
Juan arango bit rival Jesus zavala on the shoulder in a heated game. the referee did not take action against the 34-year-old midfielder. 'it was a very hot-blooded game, i got heated up, i took that negative attitude, that isn't me but unfortunately it happened,' the venezuelan said.
Andros townsend was brought on in the 83rd minute against burnley. the midfielder was criticised by sky sports pundit Paul Merson last week. 'if andros townsend can get in (the england team), then it opens it up to anybody,' he wrote.
Cristiano Ronaldo scored five goals as real madrid beat granada 9-1. his tally for the season now stands at 36 - more than half of top teams. he has scored more goals than 53 of the 98 teams in europe's top five leagues. there are nine teams in the premier league with fewer goals.
sportsmail's top team of reporters have submitted their starting line-ups. england manager Roy hodgson is yet to pick his best xi. roy hodgson's side face italy in their opening euro 2016 qualifier.
a long-distance Jamie shaul try was enough to seal a win. the win condemned the home side to a third straight defeat. the injury-hit champions started with two teenage debutants in their side.
former barcelona defender Sergi barjuan has been named as almeria's new manager. barjuan replaces Juan Ignacio Martinez, who was sacked on sunday. almeria are in the relegation zone after failing to win in seven straight matches.
tens of thousands of people flocked to pope's Good Friday torchlight procession at the colosseum in Rome. the pope washed the feet of 12 inmates and a baby at Rome's main prison in a pre-easter ritual meant to show his willingness to serve. 'way of the cross' walks took place in Ohio, Pennsylvania and over the Brooklyn bridge, among others.
2,000 travelling fans sang anti-IRA songs during the friendly draw with italy. it is embarrassing to listen to - a stain on our usually good-natured supporters as we look ahead to our friendly with the republic of Ireland in Dublin. rioting fans at Lansdowne road in 1995 caused the fixture with the republic of Ireland to be abandoned.
'john' who is reportedly a builder posted his advert in his local newsagents. it reads: 'john looking for a companion an apprentice / worker / lover for a craft that will change your life and bring you a way of life with quality' the lonely heart has since gone viral after it was spotted by a passer by.
Henrik Larsson was forced to play 42-year-old kit man in goal. goalkeepers par Hansson and Matt Pyzdrowski were out injured. emergency stopper kept a clean sheet as helsinborg drew 0-0 with Kalmar.
Salford red devils beat wigan warriors 24-18 at the AJ bell stadium. both sides ended the match with 12 men after tempers flared. weller hauraki and John bateman were sent off two minutes from time.
Alan pardew called manuel pellegrini a 'f***ing old c**t' in a touchline spat. the incident occurred during a premier league match between manchester city and Newcastle in January 2014. the crystal palace boss believes he could manage a top-four team.
crystal palace host manchester city at selhurst park (monday 8pm) marouane chamakh and fraizer campbell are still sidelined with hamstring injuries. skipper mile Jedinak is suspended and joins them in being ruled out. manuel pellegrini has no serious injury concerns ahead of the game.
chelsea are nine points clear of manchester city in the premier league. both teams have eight games left to play at the Etihad stadium. goalkeeper Joe hart insists his side are still capable of winning the title.
Mils Muliaina was arrested after his side's defeat by Gloucester last night. he was led away by police at the Kingsholm stadium in connection with an allegation of sexual assault in Cardiff in march. the 34-year-old full back denies the allegations and has been bailed.
QPR beat west brom 4-1 at the hawthorns on saturday. the win ended a five-game losing run for the west london side. they now face aston villa at villa park on tuesday night.
Lydia Ko shot a 2-over 74 on Saturday in the ANA inspiration, her second straight over-par round after tying the LPGA tour record for consecutive rounds under par at 29. the 17-year-old new Zealander made an 8-foot birdie putt on the par-5 hole to keep another long streak going. on Thursday at mission hills in the first major championship of the year, Ko shot a 71 to tie the LPGA tour record for consecutive rounds under par set by Annika sorensta
arsene wenger has yet to decide whether to offer abou diaby a new contract. but he has hinted that the midfielder could have a future at arsenal. the frenchman made his latest comeback from injury on wednesday. he has made just 22 appearances in the last five seasons at the club.
the last tournament before the masters is proving to be a show-stopper. local boy Jordan Spieth and fellow american Phil Mickelson have impressed. a second-round 66 has moved the 21-year-old within three shots of the leader.
Alan hutton, Scott sinclair and Ashley westwood all out for aston villa. winger limped off in the 3-1 defeat at manchester united on saturday. qpr are without wingers Eduardo varagas and Yun suk-young.
the 22-year-old shot a three-under-par round of 69 at the ANA inspiration. the south Korean leads by three shots going into the final round. world no 1 Lydia Ko shot her second consecutive over-par score.
former world no 1 Tiger woods has confirmed he will play at the masters. but it would be a 'disaster for everyone' if he limps out. montgomerie says it would be fantastic to see a fully fit woods play Rory McIlroy at augusta.
Luis suarez and daniel sturridge scored 52 of Liverpool's 101 league goals last season. this season, however, the goals have dried up for the reds. their top scorers - Raheem sterling, Jordan Henderson and Steven Gerrard - have scored six each.
serena williams beat Sabine lisicki 7-6, 1-6, 6-3 to reach the semi-finals. the world no 1 will face either Simona halep or Sloane Stephens.
aljaz bedene is set to become a member of the british tennis team. the world no 83 is currently ineligible for the itf's Davis cup squad. british no 1 Andy Murray says players should use the move as motivation.
south korean eagled the par-five 18th to surge into a two-shot lead. overnight leader Morgan pressel followed her opening 67 with a 72.
Nick Scholfield has been lined up to ride springheeled in the grand national. he had been expected to partner Paul Nicholls-trained Sam winner. but the trainer said it was unfair to tie Scholfield down to a gelding which is far from certain to run when the mount on another leading definite contender is being offered.
Novak djokovic came back from a set down to reach the quarter-finals. the world number one beat unseeded russian Alexandr dolgopolov 6-7 (3/7) 7-5 6-0. djokovic will face david ferrer in the last eight at the miami open.
hallam amos, replacement Nic cudd and a penalty try secured the win. blues scrum-half Lloyd Williams, fly-half gareth anscombe and number eight Josh navigdi crossed for the Dragons, while anscombe added three conversions.
police in Rheinerft, received a bizarre phone call about a kangaroo 'happily' hopping through a field. they assumed it was an April fools prank and dismissed the call. it wasn't until the caller was questioned in detail that the police realised that they were telling the truth. they were shocked to find a large, Australian kangaroo 'happily' hopping through a field in the town of bruhl
social media users react to onscreen blunder where channel 7 allowed the name of philanthropist hugh g. rection to feature on screen. TV hosts stood by unaware that philanthropist hugh made a generous donation of $32.38.
three-times champion Venus Williams lost 0-6, 6-1, 7-5 at key biscayne. spain's Carla suarez navarro came back from a dreadful first set. suarez Navarro will play germany's Andrea petkovic in the last four.
veteran seamer is not yet fit for Somerset's first LV= county championship fixture. he is free to take up the short-term coaching appointment with Delhi until April 16. Thomas will continue his rehabilitation in india in the hope of being fit again in time for Somerset's second championship fixture against middlesex.
bath face leinster in the champions cup quarter-final on saturday. bath lost 19-9 to leinster in the six nations at the Aviva stadium last month. George Ford, Dave attwood, Jonathan joseph and antony watson all return.
Andy Murray beats Dominic Thiem 3-6, 6-4, 6-1 in the quarter finals of the Miami open. the world no 4 is now into the semi-finals of the tournament in florida. british no 1 wants his fellow englishmen to use his arrival as motivation.
the Sacramento Kings are set to sign sim bhullar to a 10-day contract. the deal will make him the league's first player of Indian descent. the 7-foot-5, 360-pound centre is being called up from the team's NBA development league affiliate, the Reno bighorns.
Rangers have been de-listed from the london stock exchange. chairman-in-waiting Dave King failed to find a new nominated advisor. interim chairman Paul Murray put the blame for the decision at the door of the club's previous board but tried to play down fears.
off-spinning all-rounder hurt himself during the failed world cup campaign. he was therefore not available when the selectors chose the Caribbean squad. however, they left open the possibility of moeen joining up later.
arsene wenger's side beat liverpool 4-1 at the Emirates on saturday. it was the seventh successive victory for the gunners in the premier league. wenger believes his side have a 'good mentality and good cohesion'.
Mauricio pochettino has praised the attitude of new goalkeeper vorm. the 31-year-old is set to deputise for hugo lloris against burnley on sunday. the frenchman was left out of the capital one cup final with a knee injury.
leigh Griffiths was caught on camera tucking into a tunnock's tea cake. the striker was on the substitutes bench for Celtic's match at st mirren. manager, Ronnie deila has encouraged 24/7 athlete concept.
porto have received a whopping £440million from player sales in the last 11 years. the majority of these deals have involved south americans. 19 of the 29 players featured in the table below have south american backgrounds.
lionel messi missed both games for argentina during the international break. the barcelona star's swollen foot continues to be a concern. he faces tests on Thursday to determine if he will be fit to play on sunday.
River plate are keen to sign former forward Radamel falcao. the 29-year-old has struggled on loan at manchester united. falcao scored 34 goals in 90 appearances for river plate.
Brendan rodgers failed to make it as a professional footballer aged 16. he left northern ireland for england and trained with the reading youth team. the 42-year-old believes the experience has helped him in the long run.
the golden state warriors beat the los angeles clippers 110-106 on tuesday. it was their 10th consecutive victory at the staples center. the clippers blew a 17-point lead and had their seven-game winning streak broken.
Jamie carragher flew out to watch his son play in the Mediterranean international cup. the tournament features over 200 clubs from 36 countries in northern spain. the former defender cheered from the sidelines as the Liverpool youngsters drew 1-1 with local catalan side CE Mercantil.
sunderland host Newcastle in the premier league on sunday. both sides have lost their last six matches. sunderland have scored just four times all season and conceded 22. both sides have lost their last 18 hours of football.
real madrid star james rodriguez will start against granada on sunday. the midfielder has recovered from a fractured right foot. he has scored 12 goals in 33 games since joining the la liga giants.
Thiago came on for his first appearance for the club in over a year. the spaniard came on for Philipp lahm in the 1-0 win at the Westfalenstadion. the midfielder admitted he barely felt fit enough to play 10 minutes.
Kevin theophile-catherine wants to see if there are other options. the 25-year-old has been on loan at st etienne this season. the saints have an option to make the deal permanent for £1.5million.
Salford secured a second win in a row with an 18-12 victory at Huddersfield. former huddersfield centre Josh Griffin scored a try and kicked three goals. winger Ben Jones-bishop scored tries in the first half.
Salford's Rangi chase could face a four to eight-match ban. the half-back was charged with making a Grade E dangerous throw. the red devils beat huddersfield 18-12 on good friday.
andros townsend scored an equaliser for the three lions against italy. the 23-year-old winger has scored as many goals for his country as he has in the premier league for spurs this season. but how can a player with Townsend's obvious ability be sent out to nine different clubs on loan by spurs?
Widnes ran out 30-10 winners at the select security stadium. the game was stopped for eight minutes after a flare was thrown. warrington's losing run is their worst since 2009.
the squad had originally been set to leave northern italy after the game but a technical issue with their plane made it necessary. players from manchester united, man city, everton,. liverpool, aston villa and. Stoke city all left to rejoin their clubs ahead of a full programme in the. barclays premier league this weekend.
Wigan winger Dom manfredi went over for the first try after just 52 seconds. louie McCarthy-scarsbrook added a second try on 15 minutes. winger joe burgess crossed for a try 10 minutes from the end.
la gazzetta dello sport have scored english players out of 10. theo Walcott received the worst rating with five out of 10. english captain Wayne rooney, goalscorer andros townsend and substitute Ross barkley have all been awarded seven out of 10.
daryl Clark left his boyhood club castleford at the end of last season. the hooker has kept a close eye on events at his old club. warrington have won their last five home games against castleford.
Brendan rodgers says he is'relaxed' about Raheem sterling's contract talks. sterling said he is not yet ready to sign a £100,000-a-week deal at anfield. the 20-year-old's comments in a television interview have heightened speculation he will leave the club this summer. rodgers says sterling is still young and'sometimes makes mistakes'
Joe hart has labelled fellow goalkeeper Gianluigi Buffon a 'legend of the game' the 37-year-old won his 147th cap against england on tuesday night. hart is desperate to add to his 50 international caps.
Graziano pelle opened the scoring for italy against england on tuesday. the striker has not scored in the premier league for saints since december. the 29-year-old has scored nine goals in his first 12 matches for the club.
five staff members left the royal Easter show with serious injuries. eight contracted workers broke into the 52-metre slide on saturday night. a 22-year-old woman broke both her legs, a 60-year-old man suffered broken ribs and internal bleeding. a 23-year-old woman also broke her leg and a 33-year-old man possibly broke his arm.
the champions of england were smashed into submission at the stade Marcel Michelin on saturday night. noa nakaitaci scored two tries before half-time and winger Nick Abendanon capped a masterful display with a break-away try from 90 metres out. northampton were simply obliterated by the formidable top 14 giants. it further exposed the vast gulf in clout between the premiership clubs and their rich french
personal trainer Rob edmond rolled barrel 517 miles from Perthshire to wiltshire for charity. Zara Tindall, 33, pretended to pull her rugby player husband along while striking a pose for the cameras.
manuel pellegrini's side have failed to produce regular homegrown players since Micah Richards and dedryck boyata. manchester city have failed to produce any regular first team squad members since Micah Richards and dedryck boyata. part of the pressure on city to land fresh young talent comes from the FA's proposal to increase the quota of homegrown players to 12 in premier league squads.
tens of thousands of teachers could strike in the autumn. ballot of 300,000 members would take place after the election.
arsenal tried to sign borussia Dortmund midfielder Nuri sahin back in 2005. the 26-year-old says his family didn't want to go to england. sahin spent five months on loan at real madrid before returning to borussia.
Antonio nuez, 59, was said to be arguing with the woman, who has not been named, at his home in San Antonio, Texas, on monday. it escalated, and at 4.15am nuez allegedly grabbed the gardening tool and drove it into the woman's behind.
Kevin sinfield has announced he will quit rugby league at the end of the season. the 34-year-old will join Yorkshire Carnegie on an 18-month contract. former coach Tony Smith admits he was'shocked' by sinfield's decision.
residents of a Dallas neighborhood saw a man approach a male peacock. the bird was in the middle of its mating ritual and had unfurled its plumage. footage shows the thief grab the animal by its claws before shoving him in his car.
clumsy tortoise loses its balance and falls onto its back at Kiev zoo. he spent 15 minutes crawling across the grass before finally getting up.
the lamb named Winter stands very still with its head lowered towards the duck. duckling begins pecking away at the lamb's head and neck as it grooms coat. behind the lamb a group of adult ducks can be seen walking past in a group.
the property, in the leafy south east london suburb of chislehurst, was designed and built especially for government officials. the site was chosen because the wooden area surrounding the building afforded it secrecy. the building fell into disrepair in the years following the end of the cold war but has now been transformed into a luxury home. the property boasts five bedrooms, a stylish kitchen, games room and outside roof terrace.
CCTV footage shows the thieves in action at the Shell fuel stop at 265 ygnacio valley road in Walnut creek. one man distracts a cashier at the window while another leads a cable from the back of a white pickup to the ATM. sparks are caught flying into the air as the large device is dragged across the tarmac.
Tyler macniven won the ninth season of the amazing race and a $1million prize. he and fiancee Kelly hennigan made a save the date video for their wedding. in the video, the two fight friends and escape from one very large explosion.
veteran broadcaster claims laws have 'b*****ed up the game' some clubs had previously only allowed female members if they played at restricted times in return for a discounted membership fee.
the last four managers to win the premier league have all left their jobs by the following year. three were sacked and one retired. manuel pellegrini guided city to their second title in three seasons back in may.
a journalist's line of inquiry with regards to an April Fools' gag left arsene wenger bewildered during Thursday's pre-liverpool press conference. the story claimed that both pre-match teamtalks by captains per Mertesacker and Jordan Henderson would be streamed live to the world. the story was of course a hoax but it still managed to create plenty of confusion for wenger and the assembled press at Thursday's media gathering.
leighton baines and Luke garbutt visited alder Hey children’s hospital. the everton duo handed out Easter eggs and posed for photographs. baines hailed the 'unbelievable strength and character' of the children.
the 23-year-old took to his Instagram account to post a picture of him swigging from a bottle of sweets ahead of his side's clash with Stoke on Saturday. Oscar signed a contract extension up until 2019 with Chelsea last year. Serie a giants Juventus are reportedly weighing up an offer for the summer.
Carlisle lost 3-1 at Accrington Stanley in the championship on saturday. manager Keith curle has slammed his side's'strength of character'. the 51-year-old also suggested some players 'don't deserve to be professionals'
Yaya toure accused by sportsmail's Jamie carragher of ducking out of the way of Jason puncheon's free-kick. toure was part of a five-man wall when puncheon stepped up to double crystal palace's lead. 'that's not acceptable when you go into a wall,' says carragher.
Charlie sumner, 20, staged a one-man pitch invasion at Reading's Madejski Stadium during the team's FA cup quarter final replay with Bradford city last month. the reading supporter did four front flips on the pitch, landing on his back each time, before being tackled by stewards. the order, due to be decided on April 30, would stop him going to all Reading's future home and away matches.
Mesut Ozil was in fine form for germany as they beat gerogia 2-0 on sunday. the midfielder posted a picture on twitter of him relaxing with his dog. the former real madrid man is set to start against liverpool at the weekend.
Lionel messi suffered a foot injury in barcelona's 2-1 win over real madrid. the argentine did not feature in either of argentina's international friendlies during the international break. but barca defender Gerard Pique believes he can play at celta vigo.
Dyke was given one of a limited edition of Parmigiani watches by the Brazilian FA during a FIFA Congress meeting in sao paulo during the world cup. when the watches were recalled, Dyke initially refused to hand his back. but, with the threat of sanctions if he did not return the item, FIFA's ethics committee has confirmed receipt of the item.
Tyler Walker scored his first senior goal for forest against Brentford. the 18-year-old striker is son of former england defender des walker. he has managed just 56 minutes in his fledgling career so far.
veteran broadcaster said equality for women has 'b*****ed up the game' he said the lgu has lost 150,000 members since equality for women came in. the 2016 open championship will be the last to be broadcast live on the bbc.
Amanda Beringer asked her brother Brad Fraser to make a toast at her wedding at Eagle bay, south of Perth. the song poked fun at the burdens of marriage.
Brazilian defender went off after 35 minutes of 3-2 win over Marseille. reports suggest he will have scans on Monday to assess extent of injury. if it is serious then he will miss games against saint-etienne, bastia and barcelona.
John Daniel tohill, 37, was last heard from by family in 2005 after he left Nelson on the Tasman bay to travel north. on Tuesday evening his brother tobias received a call from John saying he would be visiting them in coming weeks.
YouTube videos show four-month-old Noah Monte perfectly balancing on the palm of his father's hand as he's lifted through the air.
Lucy garrod, 27, had worn contact lenses for 12 years with no problems. one day she woke up with an itchy and irritable right eye. feared she would not be able to complete last year of photography degree. taught herself to take photographs with her left eye and passed with first class honours.
the critters were filmed at Indiana's Indianapolis zoo after getting a makeshift backboard and hoop installed in their pen.
a video uploaded by YouTube user shkesi shows a baby girl mesmerized by a toy mothering hen. the infant can barely believe her eyes as the motorized plush bird bounces up and down and pops out an egg. when the first egg emerges she cries for joy and when the third comes she lets out a shriek with her arms waving around.
freak snowstorm engulfed a bridge and then a river in a matter of seconds. video maker captured the storm from the bank of a river. warm weather thought to have caused the cyclone, which swept through city.
the pooch was filmed wearing bunny ears this Easter trying to catch an egg. slow-motion footage shows him licking his lips and leaping up to catch the treat. but the egg narrowly misses his jaw, bounces off his chest and hits the grass instead.
Loushanna and Shawn Craig had gone away to the island for three days. but her biometric ID card was stolen, leaving her stranded on the island. despite having flown to the island from east Midlands airport, she was refused to fly home over fears she was an illegal immigrant. the 37-year-old has now placed the blame squarely on the shoulders of Ryanair.
Christopher dodd, 24, and Fay purdham, 27, grew up together as boys. they lost touch as teenagers and reunited at a party years later. miss purdham underwent surgery to become a woman at the age of 23. the pair now live together in middlesbrough and are planning their wedding.
Rory McIlroy is bidding to win a fifth major and complete a career grand slam. the world no 1 was on the cover of men's health magazine and admitted he was 'obsessed with the gym' three-time masters winner sir Nick faldo voiced his concern that the 25-year-old was spending too much time on the weights.
the incident took place in the sky over russia’s Dmitrov district. the filmmaker followed three hot air balloons through the trees as they float. he then captured the moment the balloon collided with the tower. within seconds the balloon appears to have disintegrated completely. the basket, carrying three people, plummets to the ground.
Graeme McDowell has made the cut just twice in seven attempts in the Masters. the 35-year-old admits he has sometimes needed to spend time in a padded room after failing to get to grips with the challenges posed by augusta. the former us open champion is optimistic he can improve on his poor record.
Tiger woods has not won a major since the 2008 us open in 2008. the 39-year-old has started just two events in 2015 due to injuries. he pulled out of the second event after just 11 holes on february 5. woods completed 11 holes of practice at augusta on monday ahead of the tournament.
notts county have appointed former spurs and hamburg coach Ricardo moniz. the 50-year-old Dutchman pulled out of the running due to 'family reasons' at the end of march. moniz has six games to save notts from relegation to league two.
residents in alderholt, dorset, woke to find a chocolate egg on their doorstep. the deed has been described as 'a wonderful act of random kindness'
Ben crenshaw will mark his 44th and last consecutive appearance in the Masters by standing in for Arnold Palmer in the traditional par-three tournament. the winner of the par three contest has never gone on to win the tournament proper in the same year. the 85-year-old is recovering from a dislocated shoulder.
Dundee united have lost seven of their last nine matches in all competitions. their last league victory was way back on January 24 against motherwell. but manager Paul hartley is not reading too much into their recent slide.
aston villa host queens park rangers at villa park on tuesday night. qpr will leapfrog sherwood's side and plunge them back into the drop zone if they win at villa park. sherwood's pal and former spurs boss, Chris Ramsey, had vowed to try and make contact with his opposing manager ahead of the game.
Tomas Berdych beat argentine Juan Monaco 6-3, 6-4 in the quarter-finals. the Czech will face Andy Murray in a rematch after their australian open semi-final.
Roger Federer posted a picture of himself posing with a snowball and his racket on his official twitter account. the 33-year-old was wearing the scarf of FC basel, the football team he supports. the world no 2 opted not to appear at the Miami open this year as the 33-year-old aims to maintain his fitness.
Exeter swept aside Newcastle 48-13 to set up semi-final showdown with Gloucester. chiefs outscored their opponents six tries to one at Sandy park. a dave ewers score and a penalty try helped the home side into a 17-6 half-time lead.
Lewis Ferguson survived a spectacular fall from Merrion square at wincanton. the 18-year-old was mucking out the stables as usual on thursday. he said he was undeterred from getting back in the sadal.
the two-metre long reptile balances at the top of a towering power pole while swallowing its prey. the lizard swings its neck back and forth as it battles to swallow its catch. the grisly footage was uploaded to YouTube last week.
Saracens’ mounting debt has topped £40m — the most in rugby history. the wage bill leapt more than 50 per cent in three years. a move by Saracens last December to scrap the salary cap drew no public support from other premiership clubs.
Liam plunkett is back in contention for a place in the west indies batting line-up. the 29-year-old has recovered from a minor ankle complaint in the pre-season trip to Abu Dhabi. plunkett is fighting for a place with barbados-born Chris Jordan and the uncapped mark wood.
Martin guptill has been recalled to the new zealand test squad. the batsman has not represented the black caps at test level since the 2013 tour of England. paceman Matt Henry has been called up to the test squad for the first time.
alastair cook believes Jonathan trott is ready for international cricket return. the batsman has struggled since his early return from the ashes. the 33-year-old has scored the weight of runs needed to warrant a recall.
alastair cook feared Jonathan trott's international career was over 18 months ago. the 33-year-old left the 2013/14 ashes trip after just one match at the gabba. but cook feels the batsman is now ready to face the 'pressure cooker'
Yorkshire's barney Gibson has retired from cricket at the age of 19. the wicketkeeper became the youngest first-class cricketer in county history. the 19-year-old said it was a 'difficult decision' to retire at such a young age.
the world endurance championship have announced that there will be no more 'grid girls' before races. the use of models, also referred to as 'race queens' or 'umbrella girls', to stand by cars with flags or placards displaying drivers' numbers has long been a feature of formula one. the decision is seen as a progressive one by those in a male-dominated sport.
warwickshire batsman has spoken openly about his struggles since leaving last winter's ashes tour with a stress-related illness. the 33-year-old has slowly rehabilitated his career with both warwickshire and the england lions and is now on the brink of returning to tests. renowned sports psychiatrist dr Steve Peters says there is no magic cure.
all-rounder Moises Henriques will join after the end of the IPL. henriques will also act as overseas cover for Kumar sangakkara. the australian is not selected for the forthcoming ashes.
gymnast won pommel horse silver and team bronze at the 2012 games. he competed for england at last year's Commonwealth games.
John higgins beats judd Trump 5-4 to move into the quarter finals of the china open. the veteran scot will face defending champion and local favourite Ding Junhui. world no 1 mark selby defeated David Gilbert 5-2 in a low-quality clash.
Craig Dawson will serve a suspension for the visit of queens park rangers. the west bromwich albion defender was awarded a red card wrongly given to gareth macauley against manchester city. the red card was switched to Dawson after a retrospective action.
Jonas gutierrez came in for his first start in 20 months. the argentine has twice beaten testicular cancer. daryl Janmaat limped off during the warm-up.
Leicester city host west ham united at the king power stadium (saturday 3pm) Matt upson is out of the clash with the foxes with an achilles problem. the defender limped off in their 4-3 defeat by spurs before the international break.
Kevin pietersen signed a new contract with Surrey last month. the 34-year-old is hoping to press for an England recall through runs. he is set to play against Oxford MCCU in the LV= county championship.
the fierce rivalry between Bayern and borussia Dortmund has dominated german football for much of the past decade. for a while, Der Klassiker represented the pinnacle of european football. but as these two prepare to meet in front of an 80,000 audience at the Signal Iduna park on saturday evening, some of that lustre has been lost. there is something unsettling about Bayern and borussia being separated by nine Bundesliga places and a whopping 31 points. a borussia win
Lyon moved back to the top of Ligue 1 after a comfortable 3-1 victory at Guingamp. it was Lyon's first win in three and moved them back above paris st Germain, who play third-placed Marseille on Sunday. two quick-fire second-half penalties saw Montpellier come from behind to beat bastia 3-1 and move six points off the european places.
Roma ended their four-month winless streak at home with a 2-0 victory. miralem pjanic scored in the 25th minute after a clinical counter-attack. goalkeeper Morgan de Sanctis was excellent to deny the visitors.
Lee McCulloch was sent off during Rangers' 2-1 win over hearts. referee Bobby madden sent him off for fouling striker osman sow. captain apologised to him and the players after the incident.
David templeton will form part of a Rangers guard of honour if selected. the winger will applaud hearts on to the pitch at Ibrox on sunday. he made his first start in almost three months last weekend.
real madrid beat granada 9-1 at the Bernabeu in la liga. goals from Cristiano Ronaldo, Karim benzema, gareth bale and an own goal from granada's Diego mainz secured the win. a consolation goal from granada's Robert Ibanez sealed the win.
arsenal vs torpedo Moscow was stopped for seven minutes on sunday. torpedo fans broke down barriers and threw chairs, according to arsenal. referee Alexander Yegorov told the players to leave the pitch and head for the dressing rooms.
Sam allardyce wants west ham to qualify for europe through fair play. the top three nations in UEFA's rankings qualify for the Europa league. west ham currently sit ninth in the premier league's fair play table.
David meyler is confident his side will hang on to their premier league status. the 15th-placed Tigers are three points off the relegation zone. but they have won five of their last eight matches against top sides.
sportsmail brings you the latest squad news, odds and stats on every premier league fixture as it breaks. click on your team in the fixture list below to find out who is ruled out and who is making a return. click on your team in the fixture list below to find out who is ruled out and who is making a return as well as all the key statistics surrounding your club's fixture.
spanish papers report on the attacking selection at real madrid. 'blessed problem' is that ancelotti will have to choose between isco or james rodriguez. over in italy, the fallout at defunct giants inter continues with corriere dello sport reporting that there is a huge divide between italian and foreign staff at inter.
manchester united host aston villa at old trafford (saturday 3pm) striker Robin van persie is ruled out with an ankle injury. left-back Luke Shaw has recovered from a hamstring problem. centre-back Chris smalling is a big doubt due to illness.
Kolo toure has warned Raheem sterling about the dangers of leaving. toure compared sterling's situation to that of Jack rodwell and Scott sinclair. sterling has turned down a new £100,000-a-week contract with the reds. click here for all the latest liverpool news.
six premier league clubs are still chasing their first win after international break. everton lead the table with three wins from three following international break. chelsea have won all three of their matches following international break. manchester united have drawn 2-2 at home to west brom.
eight years since an english club claimed the top prize in european rugby. the bookies aren't convinced the grim cycle can be broken this year. there are four english sides in the last eight of the new champions cup.
the top two sides in group b meet at the Cardiff city stadium on june 12 with Wales in their best position to qualify for a major tournament since 1958. Belgium and Wales both have 11 points from five games with marc Wilmots' side on top spot because of a superior goal difference. general admission tickets for the match have now sold out.
goalkeeper asmir Begovic is out of contract at the end of next season. manager mark Hughes wants to sign a new deal at the Britannia stadium. but he is confident he will have money to spend in the summer transfer window.
sterling said in an interview that he was not ready to sign a new contract. some of his answers only fuelled the fire really, says live4liverpool blogger. i think he has the potential to be worth so much more than the £100,000-a-week contract he’s turned down. but the club shouldn’t do everything it can to keep him.
sterling turned down a £100,000-a-week contract with the reds. the 20-year-old insists he is focusing on winning trophies for the time being. but how much of what sterling told BBC sport can we believe?
cosmin moti kung-fu tackled CSKA's Stefan nikolic in the first half. the referee waved play on - much to the disgust of CSKA. moti saved two penalties during the play-off against steaua Bucharest.
Raheem sterling has turned down a new deal with liverpool. the 20-year-old has put off contract talks until the summer. sterling scored for england in their 4-0 win over Lithuania at wembley.
Brendan rodgers will deliver his weekly briefing to the media on friday afternoon. the manager will discuss the future of Raheem sterling. sterling has been offered a new £100,000-a-week contract to stay at the club. the 20-year-old has admitted he is 'flattered' by interest from arsenal. click here for all the latest liverpool news.
Bojan krkic has picked his premier league team of the season. the striker spent two days with sportsmail as he recovers in barcelona. here, he tells us who he thinks are the best players in the league.
Ben hiscox, 30, was playing a home game for Stoke gifford united. he slipped on wet ground following tackle and crashed into clubhouse wall. striker was knocked unconscious and rushed to intensive care. but, three days later, he suffered two seizures and died in hospital.
Brian O'Driscoll was snapped crowd surfing at a party in hong kong. his wife Amy huberman caught wind of the picture on social media. the couple have been in hong kong this week working as ambassadors.
sterling has been offered a £100,000-a-week deal to stay at anfield. the 20-year-old says he would have signed for a lot less a year ago. sterling says he does not want to be seen as a money-grabber.
Brendan rodgers insists Raheem sterling will still be a Liverpool player next season. the 20-year-old has turned down a new £100,000-a-week deal at anfield. sterling started his side's 4-1 defeat at arsenal on saturday.
arsene wenger has revealed the selection process he uses at arsenal. the frenchman only makes the final decision on his starting line-up on the morning of the match. wenger has taken charge of 1,056 matches since his appointment in 1996.
Richard Henyekane was killed in a car crash early Tuesday morning. the 31-year-old was traveling with four other people in the vehicle but was the only person to die in the crash. he made nine appearances for south africa in 2009 and was on loan at free state star's from mamelodi sundowns.
Darren Bent's contract at villa park expires in the summer. the former england striker has been on loan at promotion-chasing Derby. he has scored seven goals since going on loan to the club.
argentina beat Ecuador 2-1 at the metlife stadium in new jersey on tuesday night. javier pastore scored the winner for the south americans in the second-half. it was the second straight win for the south americans as they prepare for the copa american tournament.
Rory McIlroy believes Jeff Knox reads the mysterious augusta putting surfaces better than anyone he has ever seen. Knox played with McIlroy when the northern Irishman was first man out in the third round last year. he even outscored the world no 1 by a shot, with a 70 to McIlroy’s 71.
Danny lennon has left his role as interim manager of the under 21s. the former st mirren boss will take over at alloa athletic on tuesday. paddy connolly has been in temporary charge of the wasps.
JB Holmes took victory in a play-off when Johnson Wagner saw a four-foot putt lip out to hand the title to the 32-year-old. overnight leader Jordan Spieth saw his advantage go before he was on the course, but made a play-off.
Kelvin day is three shots off the lead at the Shell Houston open. the 27-year-old has only played a handful of events on the web.com tour. a victory would earn him a place in the field for the Masters.
first utility have announced a new format for the player of the month award which lets fans vote for the league's most outstanding players. at the end of each month, a shortlist of five players will be drawn up by the writers of league weekly and fans will be asked to vote for their choice. the two players who garner the most votes will be considered by a judging panel to decide on one overall winner.
Phil Mickelson shot rounds of 66 or 67 at the shell Houston open. he is one shot behind leader putnam going into the third round. the news that woods will be back at the masters was welcomed.
Danny willett is aiming to become the first debutant to win the masters since fuzzy Zoeller in 1979. the 27-year-old finished joint 12th following a closing round of 68. willett insists he is prepared to win regardless of the field.
Michael carrick has played for the three lions for 13 years, 310 days. sir Stanley Matthews reached 22 years, 228 days with 54 caps for england. carrick's appearance against italy kept him in the longest-serving list.
Steve Bruce was snapped holidaying in barbados with Alan shearer. the 55-year-old was 'disappointed' that the pictures were published. he has promised his wife Janet he will go on a diet.
Greg Dyke wants to increase the minimum number of home-grown players in club squads from eight to 12. the proposals also include changing the rules so that 'home-grown' means having trained in england for three years before the age of 18 rather than before 21. five former three lions bosses have signed a letter addressed to Dyke.
Mauricio pochettino wants talks with the FA before making any decision on Harry Kane's involvement in the european under 21 championships. england manager Roy hodgson confirmed this week that Kane will be available for the competition in the Czech republic. but spurs fear Kane may suffer burnout and see him as key to the club's PR strategy ahead of their tour of australia and Malaysia.
arsene wenger admits he is concerned by theo Walcott's confidence. the winger struggled for england in their 1-1 draw against italy. wenger will have a heart-to-heart chat with the 26-year-old on saturday.
Raheem sterling has claimed he is not motivated by money in stalling over a £100,000-a-week contract. it has led to suspicions that the 20-year-old is agitating for a return to the capital. however, liverpool manager Brendan rodgers insists he is 'going nowhere' this summer.
the sandy-colored canine was found in a pool of his own blood on a rural road in cass county, north Dakota. he needed more than 50 stitches after being repeatedly stabbed. the dog has been nursed back to health by a foster family and is now slowly returning to his paws.
sir alex ferguson won 38 trophies in 26-and-a-half years as manchester united manager. he was appointed as the red devils manager in November 1986 at the age of 45. the now 73-year-old revealed he had to modify his sleeping pattern to ensure he still had the same energy for the consuming role.
Raheem sterling has rejected a new £100,000-a-week contract at anfield. sterling was 20 when he was named liverpool's young player of the year. he also won the fa young player of the year award and the bbc sports personality of the year when he was just 18. sterling has scored over 50 goals for the reds and has 18 caps for england.
former chelsea man pulled up clutching his hamstring. french champions went on to win the game. but news of the injury came as a major worry.
investigators said he tried to exact the ownership of a condo and $1 million in cash from the victim. in text messages to the victim, Brank threatened to post photos and other details of the man's trysts through his twitter account.
Sam Tomkins has been released by the new zealand warriors. the 26-year-old feels homesick and wants to return to the north of england. but he is not certain he will return to his former club, Wigan. Tomkins' brother Joel plays for the dw stadium side.
Neil Phillips was promoted from his role as under-23 team doctor just before the '66 world cup as seniors doctor Alan bass had run out of holiday. Phillips was also with england in 1974, alongside Kevin Keegan and Mick channon. a service of thanksgiving will take place in Phillips' home town of malvern.
the cell phone ban at the augusta national golf club has forced fans to dust off their often unloved and rarely used old cameras. barred from bringing their cell phones on to the Georgia course, fans have adapted by going back to the future and using their pocket-sized digital cameras. when play begins on Thursday, fans will have to put them back on the shelves.
average household now owns 7.4 internet-enabled devices. four in 10 own one tablet, one fifth have two and 11 per cent own three or more.
referee mark clattenburg will officiate the derby at old trafford. the 40-year-old has sent off three players from united and city this season. city captain vincent kompany was sent off during the international break.
Adam McBurney was not at his home when it was targeted on sunday. bullets tore through windows and ended up embedded in kitchen and bathroom walls. he is said to have returned to the house but is yet to speak about the incident. police are appealing for witnesses and said incident had 'criminal elements'
TV presenter Lisa oldfield decided she had to make a change to tackle her weight after her son sketched an unflattering portrait of her. the 40-year-old said she barely recognised herself in the drawing, and was horrified to think her sons Harry, 4, and Bert, 2, saw her that way. the mum-of-two posted pictures of the 5.5 litres of fat she had removed online.
manchester united beat aston villa 2-0 at old trafford on saturday. it made it five wins on the bounce for louis van gaal's side. mata says united must look at every game as a 'final'.
Francis Bakvis discovered a dead scrub python, which contained the remains of his family cat. the 3.5 metre long snake had struggled to properly swallow the cat and died as a result. the black and white cat had reportedly slept on the family veranda. the pythons are known to eat mammals as large as kangaroos.
camel was lowered by crane into a 6m-tall tandoor kiln in north xinjiang. celebrity chef momin hopur spent five days building the kiln. he and his apprentices warmed it up for 48 hours before the big day.
south american duo Radamel falcao and Sergio aguero feature in a promo video for sponsors puma. the aptly-named 'Head to Head,' production features both players as they battle it out in a cage style match. the video ends with both players calling on a fan to aid them midway through the encounter.
dayna dobias, 19, from downers Grove was born with cerebral palsy. she hopes to change the way people with disabilities are represented by the television, film and the fashion industry.
a 23-month-old girl in died after her father struck her with a pickup truck. the father, 24, and other family members inside did not know that the toddler had gotten out of the house and on to the driveway. the girl later died at university medical hospital. the incident was deemed an accident and no charges will be filed.
Lydia kelm, 23, allegedly caused a scene at a McDonald's drive-through in florida while wearing nothing but a bra and panties. police say the woman wouldn't pull up to the drive-through window at around 3.30am. instead of purchasing food and driving away, the nurse revved her engine loudly and backed up twice, prompting workers to yell repeatedly for her to move forward. she was charged with DUI and booked into the lake county jail.
Travis Hatfield, 21, from west Virginia sung a George Jones hit to his 47-year-old uncle, Jamie Joe Cline, who has Down syndrome. the video of the two of them playing music together and singing has gone viral with more than 410,000 views so far.
sepp Blatter seeks re-election as fifa president on may 29. confederation of african football's president Issa Hayatou has backed Blatter. former portugal international Luis Figo has chosen to run for presidency. figo, prince al-hussein and michael vanpraag are opposing Blatter.
dashcam footage shows a giant St. Bernard dog running across a road somewhere in the Czech Republic with a child trailing behind.
Cristiano Ronaldo hit five goals in real's 9-1 win against Granada at the weekend. the 30-year-old's quintuplet moved him above Lionel messi in the race for the pichichi trophy given to the top goalscorer in la liga at the end of the season. in spain, Mundo deportivo looks ahead to barcelona's clash with almeria.
manchester city face rivals united in the premier league on saturday. manuel pellegrini's side were beaten by crystal palace on monday night. city captain Vincent Kompany believes a win will help'rectify' their season.
Christian Benteke scored a hat-trick as aston villa drew 1-1 with queens park rangers. the argentine striker scored a deflected free-kick to seal the point. the point lifts QPR above burnley to 18th on goal difference.
Bradley Neil won the amateur championship at royal portrush last year. the 19-year-old has been invited to the masters and us open in 2015. the world no 1 has tipped Neil to be a success when he turns professional.
strike by french air traffic controllers will begin at 5am today and run until 5am on friday. passengers travelling abroad by ferry or Eurotunnel face queues as exit checks are introduced at Britain's ports. easyJet said it was cancelling 118 flights, including ten directly affecting the uk.
video shows man in hooded sweatshirt and sweatpants dragging the limp body of a woman from the backseat of a parked car at around 12.30am Saturday. woman was propped against the wall of a nearby building, but without his support she slumps to the ground face first. man walks back to the car, briefly glances at the woman's body on the ground, then gets behind the wheel and drives off. victim was transported to hospital in critical but stable condition suffering from injuries to
incoming ECB chairman has been responsible for mixed messages. Colin Graves has become the loose cannon of english cricket. he has created a soap opera that will run and run.
Andy Murray faces tomas berdych in the semi-final of the miami open. the pair met at the same stage of the australian open in January. fiancee Kim sears was caught shouting expletives at Berdych.
Greg gibbins was stabbed in the chest outside a pizza shop in toukley, on the central coast, on east australia's central coast. police are investigating whether the earlier incident involving a woman is linked to the fatal knife attack. a 20-year-old man has been charged with murder of the talented football player.
Isner is the first american to reach the semi finals of the miami open since 2011. he will next face either world no. 1 Novak djokovic or david ferrer. Andy Murray will take on tomas berdych in the other semi final.
Phil Jones hopes manchester united 'turn up and play their football' on sunday. the red devils host their 'noisy neighbours' at old trafford. united are on a run of five consecutive league wins.
the 12th seed didn't face a single break point and will play either top seed serena williams or third seed Simona halep in the final on saturday. it's the eighth time that suarez navarro has reached a WTA final. petkovic, the no 9 seed from germany, lost to suarez navarro for the third time in five meetings.
Lewis Ferguson was flung from his horse in spectacular fashion at wincanton. the 18-year-old has been watched hundreds of thousands of times online. he has just a cut on his nose to show for the fall which has made him an internet sensation.
Rory McIlroy has arrived at augusta ready to mount a serious challenge. the world no 1 is bidding to complete the career grand slam. the northern irishman says he has been'ready for this thing to start'.
jockey AP McCoy has not decided yet whether he is riding Shutthefrontdoor in the £1million Crabbie's Grand National at aintree on April 11. trainer Jonjo O'Neill said he could not be happier with favourite for the race.
Saracens beat racing metro 12-11 in their champions cup quarter-final. Marcelo Bosch kicked a 55-metre penalty in the final act of the match. the 31-year-old said he was 'happy that it went my way'.
england wicketkeeper Matt prior has not played since last summer. the 33-year-old has been recovering from an achilles injury. mark Robinson says prior is 'pretty much out indefinitely'.
mark Selby beats Gary Wilson 10-2 in the final of the china open. the cueman claimed his sixth ranking title and £85,000 in prize money. the 31-year-old overcame neck pain earlier in the tournament.
england's first team through to the semi-finals of the european rugby champions cup. argentine Marcelo Bosch kicked the match-winning penalty with 10 seconds left on the clock. the 31-year-old was mobbed by players and coaches after his kick. referee Nigel Owens was escorted off the pitch by security but his call was the correct decision.
bafetimbi gomis doubled the home side's lead with a thunderous overhead kick shortly before half-time. swansea's winless run in the premier league now stands at five games. swansea boss steve bruce's side face hull city at the liberty stadium on saturday.
Wisconsin beat the wildcats 71-64 in the semi-finals of the NCAA tournament. justise winslow scored 19 points and jahlilokafor added 18 to lead top-seeded duke to an 81-61 victory over michigan state. the 70,000-capacity Lucas oil stadium in Indianapolis is hosting the final.
Harry Kane was captain for his side in the premier league match against burnley at Turf moor. he became the youngest premier league player to be captain this season at the age of 21 years and 251 days. the striker was adamant that he was not going to be a part of the side that lost to manchester city.
Tom daley hopes his new 'firework' plunge can help him win gold at the 2016 Rio de janeiro games. the former world champion spent most of last year battling to master his 'demon' dive. along with new coach Jane figueiredo he spent the winter modifying a new plunge, something that has never been attempted before.
Ryuichi Kiyonari bettered the donington park lap record to take put his buildbase BMW on to pole start. the Japanese rider powered in a scorching time of one minute 29.455 seconds. he headed off the close attentions of James Ellison on the JG speedfit Kawasaki by just 0.029secs.
esteban cambiasso says keeping Leicester in the premier league will feel like winning a trophy. the argentinian midfielder has won 15 trophies during his illustrious career. cambiasso joined the foxes from inter Milan in the summer.
sportsmail have teamed up with Gillette to offer one lucky reader the chance to win a pair of Nike boots signed by goalkeeper Joe hart. the prize winner will also receive a Gillette Fusion ProGlide razor worth £12 and a Gillette Fusion ProGlide shave gel worth £4.99.
Graziano pelle has not scored in his last 13 premier league games. the italian striker scored in a 1-1 friendly draw with england on tuesday. pelle has scored eight goals in his first 17 league games for saints.
Stuart McCall says he was warned not to take the job at ibrox. but former light blues boss insists he has made the right decision. he led his new side to a crucial 2-1 win over hearts on sunday.
winger Vincent duport ruled out for the rest of the season. duport ruptured a tendon in the Dragons' 33-22 defeat at Hull. head coach Laurent frayssinous says news is a 'hugely disappointing blow'
sunderland drew 1-1 with aston villa in the 2007-08 premier league season. former black cats defender Danny higginbotham says Roy Keane gave a 'bizarre' team talk to his players. the former manchester united midfielder calls it 'one of the most bizarre team talks i've ever experienced'.
manchester city have not won a premier league game having trailed at half-time in almost 20 years. the last time city managed to win having been in a losing position at half-time was on April 17, 1995 when they beat blackburn 3-2. manuel pellegrini's side have spent five seasons out of the top-flight since the 1994-95 campaign.
Memphis moved into a tie for the second seed in the NBA's southwest division with a 100-92 win over Oklahoma city on friday. the Grizzlies moved level with Houston atop the southwest division, both trailing golden state, which has already sealed the conference title. the grizzlies defence shut down thunder star russell westbrook repeatedly.
Tiger woods was pictured giving his children hugs during practice. he was also joined on the course by long-term girlfriend, Lindsey vonn. the former world no1 has returned to action following a break from golf. woods has not won a major since the us open in 2008.
pep guardiola will be without arjen robben, Franck ribery, david alaba, javi Martinez and tom starke. bastian Schweinsteiger has also been ruled out of the bayarena clash. guardiola believes jerome boateng is one of the best centre backs in the world at the moment.
daryl Janmaat played the full 90 minutes despite a suspected calf muscle tear. the 25-year-old was unable to prevent sunderland running out 1-0 winners. the magpies slipped to a record fifth successive defeat in the fixture.
golf's first major of the year takes place at augusta this week. world no 1 rory mcilroy will be hoping to complete a career grand slam. tiger woods will be joined by his children for the first time in a decade.
arsenal were thrashed 6-3 by manchester city and 5-1 by liverpool last season. permertesacker says bringing back the 'arguing culture' was key to their upturn in results. the german admits being embarrassed by the bigger teams was the catalyst for much-needed confrontations.
the 79th masters gets underway at augusta national on thursday. the northern irishman is bidding to become only the sixth man in history to claim the career grand slam. defending champion bubba Watson will be looking to defend his title. tee times for rounds one and two are listed below.
amir khan is expected to announce his next opponent soon. british rival Kell Brook remains on the agenda for a wembley showdown. broner has been relentless in his calling out of the bolton fighter. the american tweeted a video of himself and Khan talking via video.
Amir khan will fight former light-welterweight world champion Chris algieri. algieri was knocked down six times en route to a heavily lopsided points loss in November. khan was also linked with fights against Adrien broner and Keith Thurman.
bruising florida swing last month saw the englishman fall outside the world’s top 10. rose’s solution to his miserable form was the time-honoured one. the 34-year-old hit 17 out of 18 greens in regulation and signed for a 69.
Lionel messi sat out both of argentina's friendlies over the international break. but he returned to training 24 hours ahead of schedule on thursday. the 27-year-old sustained the blow to his right foot in last month's 'Clasico' win over real madrid.
the world number one believes it is 'unthinkable' that he will not win the masters at some point to complete the career grand slam. McIlroy is looking to claim his first green jacket and become just the sixth player to win all four major titles. the 25-year-old has just one top-10 finish to his name in six Masters appearances, finishing joint eighth last year.
Freddie Roach has blasted Floyd mayweather Snr calling him a 'terrible cornerman' ahead of his son's mega-fight with Pacquiao on may 2. but mayweather snr has refused to respond and will leave the talking to his son in the ring. 'he's not going to get under my skin now,' said mayweather snr.
the 35-year-old veteran will tee off this week at the masters on his third heart transplant. he's spent most of the intervening years battling on minor league circuits, then becoming an advocate and spokesman for donate life. 'i'm a competitor and a sports person, and i'm also the recipient of two transplants, and i know what that involves,' he said.
Jason dufner and wife Amanda married back in 2012. the pair separated in february 2015 and divorce was finalised on march 31. as part of the settlement Amanda has been awarded $2.5million (£1.8m) dufner will keep two of the couple's houses as part of the settlement.
Lydia Ko tied Annika sorenstam's record for consecutive rounds under par. the 17-year-old shot a 1-under 71 at the ANA inspiration in california. she started the streak in the first round of her season-ending tour championship last year.
crystal palace are convinced Yannick boltasie will learn from Wilfried zaha's mistakes and not jump into a dream move too soon. the electrifying winger has dazzled for the Eagles since Alan pardew took over in January. the 25-year-old has been watched by Liverpool and Newcastle this season.
reading threw away a 1-0 lead to draw 1-1 with Cardiff at the madejski stadium. Pavel pogrebnyak diverted in a header from garath McCleary's cross. but conor McAleny equalised for the hosts in the 90th minute. reading face arsenal in the last four at wembley on may 18.
Steven Gerrard will miss liverpool's FA cup quarter-final replay with blackburn because of suspension. reds legend Robbie fowler says players must not focus on Gerrard. 'if you put too much effort in for one man, maybe you can get a little bit too excited or overboard,' says fowler.
benik afobe opened the scoring for wolves in the 46th minute. afobe doubled his side's lead in the 72nd minute from the penalty spot. afobe then added a second from the penalty spot after he was fouled by forest's henri lascelles.
blackburn host liverpool in an FA cup quarter-final replay on wednesday. midfielder tom cairney has sympathy for liverpool's Raheem sterling. 'when we went to anfield in the last match we were scared of failing and scared of getting hammered. that's part of what makes you dig even deeper against those sides,' he says.
Elliot Minchella has joined London Broncos on loan until the end of the season. the 19-year-old loose forward has made six substitute super league appearances. he has been named in the 19-man squad for friday's game with featherstone.
Rangers beat championship champions hearts 2-1 at ibrox on sunday. first-half goals from kenny miller and haris vuckic secured the win. the result moves the scottish champions into second place in the table.
a win would have moved fourth-placed Monaco level on points with third-placed Marseille. a draw would have moved the principality side level on points with third-placed Marseille. the draw means Monaco is two points behind Marseille, six behind Lyon and seven behind league leader paris saint-germain.
Hugo lloris was carried off on a stretcher against Leicester city. the goalkeeper was hurt in a collision with team-mate Kyle Walker. he missed his country's friendlies against brazil and danes. lloris will be replaced by michael vorm at Turf moor.
Gary bowyer has challenged blackburn striker Jordan Rhodes to be a hero. 'there is probably no-one better than Jordan Rhodes,' says bowyer. 'there will be an extra 20,000 people in the stadium compared to that game against millwall,' says bowyer.
manuel pellegrini's side face crystal palace on monday night. manuel pellegrini's side are currently fourth in the premier league. the city boss does not want his side to lose any more ground to their rivals.
Eden hazard, mesut ozil and joey barton feature in this week's xi. but who else made the xi? scroll down to find out.
researchers at brown university in rhode island conducted the study. they pitted nine frequent gamers against a control group of nine people who game rarely, if ever. subjects were shown an on-screen ‘texture’ of either visual or horizontal lines and had to quickly point out - in a fraction of a second - the one area where an anomalous texture appeared. results showed that gamers managed to improve performance on both tasks, while non-gamers did what was expected. but the researchers are not
Barcelona face paris saint-germain in the champions league on april 15. barcelona beat manchester city 2-0 in the last 16 of the competition. lionel messi and luis suarez have proved a good fit at the nou camp.
andros townsend scored an equaliser for the three lions in their 1-1 friendly draw with italy in Turin on tuesday night. former arsenal and england midfielder Paul merson had criticised the winger in a column for sky sports. 'if andros townsend can get in then it opens it up for anybody. the manager is there watching the game and he still gets picked. how can you tell me that a manager goes and watches
liverpool lost 1-0 to manchester united in the premier league on saturday. reds midfielder Joe allen believes his side have performed well against the big teams during the last two seasons. the 25-year-old has been given an extended opportunity with captain Steven Gerrard no longer an automatic starter.
Mike brown is unsure when he will return to action for club side, harlequins. northampton winger George north has been advised not to play again this season after suffering four quick-fire concussions. england full-back brown pulled out of his side's clash with Saracens at wembley last weekend.
Jack Johnson became the first ever black world heavyweight champion in 1908. he beat Tommy Burns to win the title and became the first black man to do so. a frenzied search began for a 'great white hope' to unseat the champion. but it took over six years before he was defeated 100 years ago on sunday.
Roberto Martinez will hold talks with Romelu lukaku's new agent. agent mino raiola said he would have never sanctioned lukaku's £28million move to goodison park last summer. it has left the 21-year-old’s future on Merseyside up in the air.
Lauren hill, 19, was diagnosed with DIPG (diffuse intrainsic pontine glioma), a rare form of brain cancer with a survival rate of less than 10 percent. she made it through a full season with the mount st. joseph's women's basketball team while raising more than $1.5 million for treatment and research. hill has a new goal which is to raise a total of $2.2 million for treatment and research.
Adam Lyth is one of six yorkshire players in the england squad that left heathrow on Thursday for three tests in the Caribbean. the left-hander finished with 1,489 runs — more than anyone in the country. he is now competing with Jonathan Trott to be alastair cook’s opening partner at the first test in antigua on April 13.
manchester city were beaten 2-1 by crystal palace at the etihad stadium. manuel pellegrini's side were a point behind premier league leaders chelsea. manuel pellegrini's side crowded referee michael oliveira.
Jason puncheon scored what turned out to be the winning goal for the Eagles. the 28-year-old appeared to be struck by a MAOAM sweet during the second half. he was making his way to take a corner in front of the travelling city fans.
married father-of-two also accused of grabbing a 'woman's head and moving it toward your crotch' and calling another woman a 'b****', the same evening. at least 50 people reportedly saw the coach out of control before being escorted out of the local bar in bowling green, Ohio. university took action after damning footage emerged of the coach touching an unidentified woman's behind.
Mesut Ozil was spotted in a nightclub hours after missing arsenal's win at Newcastle united last month through illness. arsene wenger has chosen not to sanction the german midfielder. the arsenal boss said he was satisfied with Ozil's explanation.
leinster face bath in the semi-finals of the european rugby champions cup. bath are currently fifth in the pro12 competition. leinster have 11 players in the squad who beat england last month.
Harry Kane will play for the under 21s at this summer's european championships. the 21-year-old will join up with the junior squad when he returns from his post-season trip to Malaysia and australia. hodgson has confirmed that he has held talks with gareth southgate.
andros townsend hailed Harry kane as the 'best finisher' he has played with. the pair played together for england in their 1-1 friendly draw with italy. 'people used to laugh at me but now i think i should get a job as a scout,' he said.
Alexis sanchez joined barcelona for £30million in 2011. he spent five years with Serie a side udinese before moving to barca. former vicenza manager pasquale marino brought him to the club in 2008. he said: 'he could easily play three matches per day. please, please, please. I promise I won’t get injured'.
eagle interrupts training session by approaching a football and giving it a peck. it then rolls the ball to the left before jumping up on it with both feet. as the ball rolls away the members of the team can be heard laughing. the bird then runs back over to the football and a youngster can be heard saying: ‘the eagle has landed’.
burnley face Tottenham at turf moor on sunday in the premier league. veteran defender michael duff has played in eight different divisions. the 37-year-old was told his career was over eight years ago.
gareth southgate's squad finished fourth in the tournament last year. the nucleus of that group will be involved in the european under 21 championships this summer. aidy boothroyd will be the man in charge of the team this time.
Keith curle is one of only four managers in england's top 92 clubs. curle has taken charge of league two side Carlisle united since leaving mansfield. the former england international insists football was always his priority.
PGA tour star Rickie fowler has earned extra brownie points with his growing legion of fans after calling out an online hater who accused his girlfriend of being a 'gold digger' the golfer's girlfriend, bikini model Alexis Randock, had posted a photo on her Instagram account of her and sister Nicole on the beach last week. the photo was shared with her 25,000 followers, which included an abusive commenter known as 'fatalsplash' who was quick to judge and accused
the catwalk show took place in xi'an, the capital city of north-western china's shaanxi province. models strutted their stuff in gold underwear and a chain-mail shirt. the shirt alone weighed in at 7lbs and the bra and underwear for the female model also came in at 7lbs.
liverpool face arsenal at the emirates stadium on saturday afternoon. reds boss Brendan rodgers said he was 'lucky' to have sterling at anfield. sterling gave a televised interview 24 hours earlier in which he asserted he is a trophy-hunter rather than a money-grabber. the 20-year-old also admitted he is flattered by interest from arsenal.
everton manager Roberto Martinez is unconcerned by Romelu lukaku's move to agent mino raia. italian has been involved in transfer deals worth over £400million. raiola is one of the most influential agents in the game. italian has been involved in deals with zlatan ibrahimovic and mario balotelli.
man shot himself at the theme park in Hollywood, California, on friday afternoon. he was standing in a smoking area behind a depiscable me-themed ride. nobody else was injured in the shooting, according to reports.
real madrid are desperate to sign manchester united goalkeeper David de gea. but they are prepared to wait until next summer if louis van gaal won't negotiate. they are looking at the possibility of signing petr cech to fill the gap. de gea's contract at old trafford expires in the summer of 2016.
John carver was assistant to former manager Ruud Gullit between 1998 and 1999. the dutchman controversially left out star players Alan shearer and Duncan Ferguson in a 2-1 defeat to sunderland. carver is now fighting to win the head coach position beyond the end of this season.
louis van gaal says manchester united can still win the premier league. united currently sit fourth in the table but could rise or fall depending on form. van gaal admits that marouane fellaini has become almost undroppable.
Frank lampard appeared on 'alan carry's chatty man' with denise van outen, noel fielding and lethal bizzle. lampard said he'd 'love it if someone came out and everyone treated it with respect' the on-loan man said football is changing and losing its macho persona.
Ryan Bertrand has made 26 premier league appearances for Southampton. the left back joined on loan from chelsea in the summer. he has also forced his way back into the england squad.
sunderland host north-east rivals Newcastle in the wear-tyne derby on sunday. the black cats are one point above the relegation zone and could be in the bottom three by kick-off. 67-year-old insists he will not underestimate the significance of the fixture.
Danny Cipriani contributed 13 points from the boot against Gloucester last weekend. sale are currently seventh in the league standings. they will face London Irish, Harlequins, Newcastle and Exeter in the coming weeks as they look to secure a top-six finish.
at 12, she became the youngest player to appear in the women's us open. now 20, she will appear topless on the front of the may edition of golf digest. decision has sparked a mixed response from readers and media.
the 5.45 acre estate in san clemente, california, was bought by the former commander in chief in 1969. among his guests were Soviet leader Leonid brezhnev and secretary of state, h.k. kissinger. when Nixon bought the home, it cost $1.4million, and was then sold to political ally gavin s. Herbert.
Ryan Taylor has been a fan in the crowd during three of the last four derbies. the 30-year-old's current contract at the north east club expires this summer. 'i have to be realistic, this could be my last derby,' he told sportsmail.
the 35-year-old had hexagon panels shaved into his head to resemble a football. Remo secured a 1-1 draw against atletico PR in the Brazilian cup.
arsenal host liverpool at the Emirates on saturday afternoon. the gunners are third in the premier league, six points clear of fifth-placed Liverpool in the race for the top four. in training ahead of the showdown, the gunners appeared relaxed. theo Walcott's confidence has plummeted after a disappointing run out for england in turin on Tuesday evening.
Neymar and team-mates watched basketball with his sister Rafaella. barcelona beat real madrid 85-80 in the euro league on thursday night. real remain top of their euro league division, just by points difference.
arsene wenger is delighted that alexis sanchez chose to join arsenal. sanchez was courted by a number of clubs after leaving barcelona. the 26-year-old has made an instant impression in english football. click here for more arsenal news.
louis van gaal is set to discuss the club with sir alex ferguson soon. van gaal hopes to have some genuine and tangible progress to talk about. van gaal's side take on aston villa at old trafford on sunday.
northampton lock courtney lawes has been derided as a thug. he made a trademark hit on france fly-half Jules plisson last month. the tackle angered the visitors to the extent that they tried to have him banned.
Juan mata has revealed that Wayne rooney regularly tells him that england can win Euro 2016 in france. mata has not played for spain since their exit from the 2014 world cup. the manchester united midfielder said he thinks england have 'potential'
Joshua will be entering the ring for the first time in 2015. he was forced to pull out of a fight against Kevin Johnson due to a stress fracture in his back. gavern is walking into the ring for the 50th time in his career.
theo walcott and raheem sterling are both in contract negotiations. the two english wingers will likely go head-to-head at the Emirates on saturday. both are at starkly different places in their careers.
the former manchester united boss has picked barcelona captain Neymar. the 23-year-old has been behind messi and Ronaldo in the pecking order. but Ferguson says there is no standout player capable of rivalling them. the former united boss also backed real madrid boss Carlo ancelotti.
Spain lost 2-0 to holland in a friendly at the Amsterdam arenA on tuesday. manager Vicente del bosque says his side were made to pay for a lacklustre opening 20 minutes. del bosque was impressed with the debuts of malaga forward Juanmi and sevilla winger Vitolo.
the 18-year-old was booked into lower buckeye jail in phoenix two weeks ago. surveillance video shows him walking into a psychiatric ward. two officers approached him and told him to go back to his cell. the inmate then began punching them, knocking them unconscious. one officer, 15-year-veteran Scott beaty, was taken to the hospital. he will need reconstructive surgery after suffering a brain bleed.
Zlatan Ibrahimovic would have been idolised at Marseille, according to former manager Jose anigo. former manager believes manchester united should make a move for the striker because he has the 'personality' required to become an old trafford great. peter Schmeichel believes the 33-year-old has the 'personality' required to become an old trafford great.
Katie gallegos from Clackamas county, Oregon, decided to take the pooch to a McDonald's drive-thru for an ice cream with his pal Daisy. but while the small female pup takes a few ladylike licks, Cooper gobbles the rest of the cone up in one bite.
Cape verde are a group of islands off the west coast of africa. it has a population of just 500,000 and boasts beautiful beaches and volcanic landscapes. around a quarter of the squad are european, although 14 of the 19 players used in Portugal were born on the island. every member of the squad plays club football outside of cape verde.
swimmer was in the water in florida when a giant manatee floated past. she was filmed screaming out in horror as the plant-eating creature approached. footage was taken with the help of a selfie-stick.
Xu bought a wife for his son, who has learning difficulties, in 2014. after six months, he discovered the couple had not slept together. he spent 12,000 yuan (£1,311) trying to get his son pregnant. he then tried to have sex with the 'daughter-in-law' himself. resold her to another family after realising she was likely infertile. he is currently under arrest for human trafficking in eastern
Radamel falcao has been unable to hold down a regular first-team place at manchester united this season. the striker has admitted to becoming tearful over his lack of game time. but the on-loan colombian seems to be coping better after the international break, enjoying an evening out in alderley edge on Thursday. he picked up his £100,000 Porsche panamera from a waitrose car park.
Cardiff will have no supporters present at the 3pm kick-off on saturday. the Welsh club handed back their allocation of 500 tickets 'as a matter of principle' the reverse fixture at the Cardiff city stadium saw 2,200 Leeds fans. both clubs have a history of fan trouble.
sportsmail's Derek lawrenson gives his predictions ahead of the 79th Masters at augusta on Thursday. dustin johnson, vijay 'kiss my ass' singh and adam scott are all in contention. phil mickelson, rory mcilroy and luke donald are all in contention.
Stephen John Docherty, 66, pleaded guilty to wounding with intent. he was remanded on bail and will await a hearing on June 12.
Simba was rescued by firefighters in meckenheim, near bonn, germany. neighbour heard scratching in newly refitted bathroom four weeks later. it is thought animal had crawled under floor boards as bathroom was renovated.
sunderland beat Newcastle 1-0 in their premier league clash on sunday. defender Santiago vergini played a key role in the win at the stadium of light. the 26-year-old has indicated he may be ready to extend his stay. the argentine has made 35 appearances for the black cats this season.
aritz aduriz scores 90th minute equaliser for athletic bilbao. former club Valencia held to 1-1 draw at the San mames stadium. getafe move 10 points clear of the bottom three with 1-0 win at Elche.
black-eyed bandit was found stuck 30ft-high on a flag pole outside Philadelphia’s cathedral basilica of saints Peter and Paul on Tuesday morning. video footage shows the animal clinging for life as it teeters on its makeshift perch. after a few hours, animal control officers were able to coax the climber down from the flagpole.
Keaway lafonz Ivy, 21, who went by the stage name kealo, died from a single gunshot wound to the chest. police say one of the people in his entourage fired a gun that was being used as a prop. police arrested 21-year-old lafonzo Iracks and charged him in connection to Ivy's slaying.
warning comes after suicide pilot killed 150 people in Alps plane crash disaster. co-pilot Andreas Lubitz was being treated for depression at the time. he was able to override security system on flights following 9/11 attacks.
paramedics were called to a home in northern Darwin at about 9pm on Wednesday. the 38-year-old man had reportedly chewed and swallowed the entire glass bottle 'and then went for a lie down', at which point his family called royal Darwin hospital.
coast guard ships came to the aid of five boats in the southern Mediterranean. the rescues were made as newly released figures show an increase of 43 per cent of migrant arrivals into the EU via italy on the same period last year.
action shot was taken at estavayer-le-lac in Switzerland where the latest water sports craze of Jet Surfing has taken off. contraption can be seen leaping up above the surface, almost resembling scenes from the film back to the future. jet surf boards have a top speed of 33mph and weigh just 15kg.
United have lost the last four derbies to neighbours manchester city. united have never lost five consecutive derbies to city. young wants to end city's dominance at old trafford this weekend. click here for all the latest manchester united news.
Mongolian Khan with jockey Opie bosson took first place on the esteemed $2 million Australian Derby, held in Randwick on monday. trackside TV presntor Adian rodley didn’t realise he was being filmed when his broke into celebrations. when Khan and bosson finish victorious, he cannot contain himself, erupting into fist-pumping celebrations and bolting off camera.
wild wood bison were successfully reintroduced to the u.s. for the first time in over a century. the mammals were freed from a temporary pen, where they had been kept for just over a week during the transition. wood bison are north america’s largest land mammal, but the native Alaskan species disappeared from the state more than 100 years ago.
Novak djokovic beat david ferrer 7-5 7-5 in the quarter-finals of the miami open. the world no 1 is likely to face british no 1 Andy murray in the final. murray will face tomas berdych in the semi-finals of the tournament.
tryster beat complicit to complete a 22-1 treble for trainer Charlie appleby. the four-year-old, ridden by William buick, had earlier been successful with pretend (buick) in the unibet sprint championship.
rubi light confirmed as a definite runner in next week's grand national. rubi light won over two and a half miles schooled over Aintree-style fences. rubi light had the option of running Friday's shorter topham chase.
AP McCoy will attempt to win the Irish grand national on cantlow. cantlow disputes favouritism due to the presence of McCoy on his back. trainer Paul webber was praying the ground at fairyhouse dries out further.
mark McCall believes neutral territory offers Saracens hope of toppling mighty Clermont to reach a second successive european final. 'given Clermont's home record, it's bit of a relief to be playing them on neutral territory,' he said. 'we're still going to france, but it's not quite the same as going to their own ground,' he said.
Munster have signed utility back Francis saili on a two-year deal. the 24-year-old made his all blacks debut against argentina in 2013. saili currently plays for super rugby side the blues.
bath were knocked out of the european champions cup by leinster. full-back Anthony Watson says the defeat can help them in the premiership. bath face Newcastle, London Irish, Harlequins and Gloucester on saturday.
woods played in the par-3 contest for the first time since 2004. he made it quite a family outing with girlfriend Lindsey vonn at his side. his children, Charlie and Sam, each wore green ballcaps and white caddie jumpsuits.
Jack Grealish wears children's shinpads due to superstition. he made his first league start against QPR on tuesday night. 'it's a superstition that i've done all my life and i'm going to keep it that way,' he said.
Timbresnan last played in whites for england during the ashes whitewash. the right-arm quick helped end Yorkshire's 13-year wait for a title last season. he took 30 wickets in 10 games at an average of 31.57 and made 95 against Nottinghamshire on the day the championship was clinched.
Stuart broad came through an injury scare against his own team-mates. Jonny Bairstow fell just short of a century against his own team-mates. england's mix-and-match day at Warner park descended into a glorified training drill.
nearly 4,000 supporters turned out to watch an open training session at goodison park on Tuesday. the toffees held the event to coincide with the school half-term holiday as they prepare to face Swansea at the liberty stadium on Saturday. first-team players - including the fit again Steven pienaar and Kevin mirallas - took part. midfielders Aaron lennon and Leon Osman appeared in particularly high spirits.
crystal palace have been reportedly targeted for a takeover by Josh Harris. chairman Steve parish has insisted he would remain involved in the club. parish wants investment to carry out improvements at Selhurst park.
Jack Grealish saw his boyhood club lose twice at wembley in 2010. the 19-year-old was handed his first start in the 3-3 draw with queens park rangers. winger is hopeful of retaining his place in the team for the semi-final.
Julian speroni will be at crystal palace for another year at least. the 35-year-old has triggered a 12-month contract extension. the goalkeeper signed from dundee in 2004.
Andy King scored the only goal of the game in the 86th minute to secure three points for relegation threatened Leicester city. the former england international missed a penalty for west ham after a scuffed shot from Jamie Vardy. the hammers have not won away from home since december 2nd.
Paul McShane's side lost 3-1 to Swansea at the liberty stadium on saturday. the defender is keeping faith that the tigers will avoid relegation. 'it's like we need to go 2-0 down to get going and that's not great from our point of view,' he said.
Haris vuckic has scored six goals in 10 games for the glasgow club. the 22-year-old admits he does not know where he will be playing next season. he is one of five players sent on loan to the edinburgh club by the magpies.
James Ward-prowse has impressed for both the under 21s and the senior side. the midfielder scored the winning goal in the 3-2 win over germany. the 23-year-old is now training at the club's impressive marchwood facility.
Tony Pulis believes Joey barton 'probably had a point' about west brom. the baggies surrendered a two-goal lead to lose 3-2 to queens park rangers. barton said west brom's players's*** themselves' during defeat.
Radamel falcao believes manchester city counterpart Sergio Aguero is his side's biggest threat in the derby on sunday. the argentine has scored six times against united since joining in 2011. falcao did not feature at the Etihad earlier this season.
wasps coach dai young has called for reform to the premiership salary cap so english clubs can compete on the european stage. the comments came after his team lost 32-18 to toulon on sunday. a pair of springboks, Bryan habana and Juan Smith, were among a glittering non-playing contingent.
Tottenham hotspur plan to open new 56,000-seater stadium in just over three years. final opponent to the move, archway sheet metal works, is being demolished. diggers have moved in to knock down some of the buildings in paxton road.
Reece Oxford has been on the bench for the senior side this season. the 16-year-old scored for the under 21s against manchester united. the goal pushes his claims for a senior debut before the end of the season.
Ronny deila branded most surfaces in the Scottish premiership 'terrible' he said artificial pitches would make for better spectacles. but Gary teale insists the criticism was unfair on the groundsman.
Manchester united went four points clear at the top of the under 21 premier league. the young red devils secured a hard-earned victory against westham united.
Ronny deila agrees with Gary teale's claim that the pitch at St mirren park is one of the best in the Scottish premiership. teale hit back, saying: 'it's maybe a bit firm but it's an excellent surface. Tommy, our groundsman, wins 'pitch of the year' year after year and that's a great acknowledgement for him'.
Cristiano Ronaldo scored five goals in real madrid's 9-1 win against granada. it was the first time in his career that Ronaldo has scored five goals in a single match. Benzema hailed his team-mate as a 'phenomenon' on his club's website.
Stuart McCall has restored buoyancy to the club and won approval from supporters after three successive wins. the former motherwell boss arrived last month on a deal until the end of the season. he is adamant he doesn't expect any meaningful talks with the Ibrox board until after the play-offs.
manchester united beat aston villa 3-1 at old trafford on saturday. ander Herrera scored the opening goal of the game in the 43rd minute. louis van gaal admitted that he kissed Herrera at half-time.
captain alastair cook and coach peter Moores insist pietersen is not on the radar. pietersen has rejoined Surrey in an attempt to win back his Test place. the three-match series begins in antigua on the 13th of april.
Christian Benteke has scored seven goals in his last five games for aston villa. the striker's contract expires at the end of the season. the 24-year-old is in line for a 30 per cent reduction on his wages. however, there is no relegation release clause in his contract.
palermo president Maurizio zamparini says arsenal and udinese have already approached the club with bids for the argentine forward. arsene wenger has denied any interest in the 21-year-old. the argentine scored his 13th Serie a goal of the season on saturday.
bolton-born boxer enjoyed a family trip to a safari park in northern california. the 28-year-old was joined by his wife faryal Makhdoom Khan as well as his daughter lamysa as they all enjoyed some time off. earlier this week Khan announced he will fight former light-welterweight world champion Chris algieri on may 30.
real madrid have their'six nations' available again, according to marca. james rodriguez is back in the squad for the visit of granada on sunday. lionel messi has recovered from a foot injury to be part of the barcelona squad to face celta vigo.
Jose mourinho did not rule out a potential 12,000-mile round trip to japan. the blues are yet to finalise plans for their pre-season campaign. if a tour goes ahead, the squad is likely to fly out on either may 28 or 29 for a two-match, week-long trip.
blackburn face liverpool in the fifth round of the fa cup on wednesday. blackburn midfielder John O'Sullivan is ineligible to face the reds. the 21-year-old was on loan at barnsley when the first game was played.
Sean Dyche believes his side are more than capable of avoiding relegation. the clarets are gearing up for the final eight games of their barclays premier league survival battle. the squad spent last week in spain preparing for a tricky visit to Tottenham.
napoli lost 1-0 at home to lazio in the second leg of their coppa italia semi-final. president aurelio de Laurentiis has threatened to send his players to a training camp if they do not improve between now and the end of the season. the result heaps more pressure on coach Rafael Benitez, who has failed to match the success of his first season.
lebron james scored 23 points as the cleveland cavaliers beat the heat. point guard Kyrie Irving also scored 23 points in the 114-88 victory. dwyane wade went down with a knee injury in the first half.
blackpool drew 1-1 with reading at bloomfield road on tuesday night. relegation from league one was confirmed on easter monday. dozens of fans protested against chairman Karl oyston's handling of club. defender grant hall scored an own goal just after half-time.
alastair cook reached three figures with minimal fuss before retiring out. the captain resumed on 95 and reached three figures with minimal fuss. he offered a gentle wave of the bat and a handshake to partner Gary ballance.
Brendan rodgers has urged his side to perform well against arsenal. the reds are five points adrift of qualifying for the champions league. a defeat at the emirates would be a huge blow to their hopes.
alastair cook scores unbeaten 95 as english batsmen dominate in basseterre. england bowled out a sub-standard st kitts invitational xi. captain cook and teammate Jonathan trott combined for 158.
Jacques Burger will play in the european champions cup quarter-final. the flanker is loved by his team-mates as much as he is loathed by opponents who fear the reckless abandon with which he is prepared to play the game. 'when I step off the pitch I will be somebody else again. it is pretty weird. you go out there and do your job then you step off and pick your kids and you are soft again'.
Jose mourinho's side face Stoke city in the premier league on saturday. the blues lead the table by six points, with a game in hand. mourinho said he doesn't care where they win the title, he just wants to win it.
liverpool face arsenal at the emirates stadium on saturday afternoon. reds are eight points adrift of the top four with seven games to play. a defeat could leave the reds eight points adrift of the top four.
Olivier Giroud won the barclays premier league player of the month. the french striker netted five times in arsenal's four wins in a row. he joins the likes of Thierry Henry, Emmanuel petit and Nicolas anelka.
five hat-tricks have been scored in this match-up since the inception of the premier league. one more than has been netted in Newcastle united vs manchester united games. this fixture's first hat-trick hero was Robbie fowler, who scored three times at anfield in august 1994.
Bas van Velzen was on hand to give the Liverpool stars a dead-ball masterclass. the Dutchman has become a YouTube sensation with his free-kick exploits. he unveiled balotelli's infamous slogan at the end of the session. click here for all the latest liverpool news.
Freddie sears put Ipswich ahead after six minutes at portman road. aaron ramsey equalised for bournemouth with a deflected header. but a late goal from kenwyne jones earned the hosts a point.
england beat new zealand in the world cup final on sunday. england won the toss and won the toss and won the toss. australia won the toss and won the toss and won the toss. Darren lehmann has defended his players following criticism of their behaviour.
golfer's girlfriend posted photo of her and sister on the beach. a troll called 'fatalsplash' accused her of being a 'gold digger' who didn't work. fowler responded by telling the troll to 'get your facts straight'.
Mark wood has been called up by alastair cook's squad for the series. the 25-year-old will play three matches against west indies. wood is a 5ft 11in fast bowler who weighs just over 12st.
Ian bell has signed a three-year contract extension with warwickshire. the 32-year-old has played 105 test matches and 161 one-day internationals. bell has won five trophies with warwickshire, including the county championship in 2004 and 2012, the B&H cup in 2002, the clydesdale bank 40 in 2010 and most recently the NatWest T20 Blast at Edgbaston last season.
younus khan was set to be Yorkshire's overseas signing for 2015. but the batsman is now looking to be part of a potential touring party to Bangladesh. younus has cancelled his contract with the lv= county championship side.
former rangers striker Marco Negri has revealed he quit the club after fearing he was HIV-positive. he joined the club from italian side perugia for £3.5million in 1997. however, a series of injuries destabilised his career in glasgow. he was on the receiving end of a crunching tackle that caused his right shinbone to bleed profusely.
liverpool drew 0-0 with arsenal at the emirates on sunday afternoon. raheem sterling struggled to impose himself on the game. the england winger was brought down by hector bellerin for a penalty.
Mils Muliaina was arrested on suspicion of sexual assault following his side's 14-7 defeat by Gloucester on friday night. the former new zealand full-back was led away by police to a police van. the entire incident was broadcast live on sky sports.
former Celtic striker was diagnosed with testicular cancer in 2009. he felt 'as good as dead' upon receiving the news. hartson admitted to having a gambling problem before cancer.
Red bull have launched a bid to buy championship side Leeds united. owner Massimo cellino said that majority shareholders were considering the offer. chairman Andrew umbers said he was not aware of an offer from red bull.
Steven Gerrard will leave liverpool at the end of the season. the former england captain will join MLS side la galaxy. club legend Steve heighway described him as 'outstanding' in 1992.
a website claims to have the new kit for sale with gareth bale's name on the back. the kits have the incoming 'yokohama' sponsor across the front. but the website does not have the Adidas emblem on the front of the kits. reports in english and spain have linked bale with a return to the premier league.
Darren Gough says he has a small chance of seeing his friend play for england. 'if he isn't selected for the first Test against australia then he will probably disappear to the Caribbean premier league,' says england wicket taker. 'i would say it's a pretty small percentage chance of seeing Kevin playing for england again,' says best man at his friend's wedding.
manuel pellegrini believes his side are now in a battle for the champions league places and not the title. city have lost too much ground to Chelsea in the premier league title race. the fading champions could even find themselves in fourth place if results go against them over the weekend. click here for all the latest manchester city news.
David villa posted a snap of his family enjoying the esb in new york. the former barcelona forward joined new york city in the MLS. the newest franchise are currently third in the eastern conference.
Harry Kane won his first senior caps for england last week. but he is still eligible to play for the young lions at this summer's tournament. 'playing under-21 football will just tire him out,' says Kenny Dalglish.
arsene wenger's side thrashed liverpool 4-1 at the emirates on saturday. the gunners are seven points behind premier league leaders chelsea. wenger insists his side will have to be perfect until the end of the season if they want to challenge for the title.
federal treasurer Joe hockey announced that each states and territories' treasurer had agreed to the tax. the changes may also affect consumers buying any products for less than $1,000 online from overseas. consumer advocacy group choice says tech-savvy australian consumers might be able to avoid the tax by concealing their location through virtual private networks.
Deion Sanders Jr. wrote on twitter that he needed 'hood doughnuts almost every morning. if my doughnuts don't come in a plain white box, I don't want them!' then, seeing this tweet, dad deion decided to have a little fun with his son, writing back; 'you're a huxtable with a million $ trust fund stop the hood stuff! lololol. son. #truth'
wesley sneijder launched his knife range on the 15th anniversary of two Leeds fans being stabbed to death in Istanbul. a minute's silence will be held before the UEFA cup semi-final first leg at Elland road on saturday. sneijder later deleted the tweet and apologised as supporters reacted angrily to the ill-timed endorsement.
arsenal moved nine points clear of their top four rivals with a 4-1 win at home. goals from hector bellerin, mesut ozil and alexis sanchez put the gunners 3-0 ahead. jordan henderson pulled one back from the penalty spot for the visitors.
the dramatic, up-close images, captured by a bornean student, show the incredible power of the tiny creature. the weaver ant is able to cleverly balance the centipede which is much larger and heavier but ultimately helpless in the insect's grasp.
a section of arsenal and liverpool fans left their seats empty at the Emirates Stadium for the first 10 minutes of their lunchtime premier league clash. supporters from both clubs say they are 'disgusted' at the continuing rise of ticket prices. the protest comes in the aftermath of the announcement of the premier league's £5.14billion TV rights deal.
therapists help analysts cope with the 'extraordinary toll' the work can have. analysts often suffer bouts of sickness, bouts of grief, periods of depression and experience anger.
men's face product company west coast shaved the members of 30 rock bands into a single image. some band members shine through, while others blend into something unrecognizable.
the broward state attorney's office has dropped 12 felony cases, 19 criminal misdemeanor cases and one juvenile case involving one or more of the officers. the arresting officers in the cases, which include burglary, cocaine possession and aggravated assault with a firearm, are no longer on the police force. all of the four officers committed misconduct involving racist texts 'exchanged among themselves and former police officers'
Jia binhui, 25, cannot afford hospital treatment and has run out of money. he has built a human barbecue in his garden in southwest china. he lies on top of the wooden poles for as long as he can physically take it. he claims temperatures higher than 42c can kill cancerous cells.
council inspectors found filthy food preparation areas at the takeaway. pizza plus fried chicken was run by Kunaratnam Kunanatha, 36. he admitted seven offences under food safety and hygiene regulations.
the bus came under armed attack as it drove to the airport. the driver was wounded in the attack and taken to hospital. the attack followed a 5-1 win away to caykur rizespor.
Jodie Taylor opened the scoring for the hosts after just a minute of play. reading striker Fran Kirby then scored the second goal of her career. the 21-year-old was player of the match against the united states in february.
Wayne rooney scored a stunning half-volley as manchester united beat aston villa 3-1 at old trafford. it was the captain's sixth goal in eight matches for united since being restored up front by manager louis van gaal. united are now eight points clear of fifth-placed liverpool. they play manchester city at old trafford next sunday.
manchester united sit fourth in the barclays premier league standings. united beat liverpool 2-1 at anfield in the premier league on tuesday. united face aston villa at villa park on saturday afternoon.
Jose mourinho said he talks to God every day, but never about football. the former real madrid manager said he and his family 'know about poverty' the 52-year-old football manager said he tries to separate his professional and family life.
Jonathan Stevenson was just 16 when he asked for Benaud's advice. he shared the lengthy response on twitter as a tribute to the 'great man' 'his detailed reply says everything about the great man,' he tweeted.
cricket commentator richie benaud has died aged 84 in a Sydney hospice. he had been receiving radiation treatment for skin cancer since November. he died peacefully in his sleep overnight surrounded by his wife and family members. 'our country has lost a national treasure,' cricket australia chairman wally Edwards said.
Patrick o'flynn said party needs to 'work harder' as it is 'lagging' behind. he was forced to defend its 'blokeish' image under leader nigel farage. polls suggest around 15 per cent of men are planning to back the party.
Brendan rodgers has criticised Raheem sterling's advisor, aidy ward. rodgers suggested that the player is being manipulated by outside forces. sterling has rejected a contract extension worth £100,000 a week and has just two years left on his deal at the end of this season.
Vanessa Santillan's body was found in a flat in Fulham, south west london. the 33-year-old Mexican national died as a result of injuries to the head and neck. a 23-year-old man has been arrested in connection with her death.
chelsea beat stoke 2-1 at stamford bridge on saturday afternoon. eden hazard gave the visitors the lead from the penalty spot. but a Charlie Adam strike from inside his own half levelled the scores. loic Remy scored the winner after an asmir Begovic error.
Derek skyler brux, 22, pleaded guilty to unhitching a pair of locomotives and going on a high-speed run 13 miles down a busy line of track. he then crashed into an inactive Union Pacific train at 10mph before backing up and then hitting it again. brux was preparing to hit the train a third time when a rail link employee was able to get on the engine train and press the fuel cut-off switch. he was sentenced to five years
a letter from richie benaud to an english fan almost 20 years ago emerged on friday in the wake of the cricket legend's death. Jonathon Stevenson was just 16 years old when he asked for Benaud's advice on left-handed leg spin. he shared the lengthy response on twitter as a tribute to the 'great man'
Dan Klice, 57, was officiating at a track meet in Mahwah, new jersey. police say he saw a javelin heading towards him and tried to dodge it. but he tripped over and his heel was pierced by the stray projectile. he was conscious during the journey and no threat to his life.
seven points separate eight teams with six matches to play in the championship. middlesbrough know if they keep winning, they cannot be caught. their buffer over second-placed Bournemouth is a point with Watford.
the piglet was born with its back legs missing and has mastered the art of balancing on its front trotters. heartwarming video shows the young animal taking unsteady steps, wobbling about with its snout to the ground.
Gary Caldwell will take charge for the first time against Fulham on friday. former club captain has been at the DW stadium since 2010. malky mackay was relieved of his duties after defeat by Derby.
talented toddler balances three small ceramic bowls on her head. she carefully spins around as she performs a series of dance moves. the video has been reposted by numerous Chinese video sites.
Stuart Dallas opened the scoring for Brentford in the 24th minute. a Ross McCormack penalty in the 67th minute halved the deficit. emmanuel adebayor equalised for the hosts in the 90th minute. samuel eto'o equalised for the visitors in the 88th minute.
Peter Moores insists he could work with michael Vaughan if he becomes the new director of cricket. 'this is about getting england as strong as we can as quickly as we can,' says the former coach. former captain Vaughan has emerged as the leading candidate to replace downton.
former captains alec Stewart, michael Vaughan and Andrew Strauss are bidding to lead english cricket's reform after managing director Paul downton was sacked. all three achieved a great deal while playing for english cricket. sportsmail takes a closer look at the trio battling to become the most powerful man in english cricket.
jose mourinho threw on the spanish striker at half-time during the 2-1 win over Stoke city at stamford bridge. the striker lasted just over 10 minutes as he pulled up with a hamstring injury. he is likely to miss the upcoming matches against queens park rangers and manchester united.
Mario balotelli withdrew himself from the squad to face arsenal on saturday. the italian striker picked up a'slight knock' in training on friday. Brendan rodgers revealed the striker did not travel with the squad.
the english champions were thrashed 37-5 in the european rugby champions cup at the stade Marcel-Michelin. the result had been decided by half-time as Clermont amassed an unassailable 27-0 lead. northampton director of rugby Jim mallinder admitted defeat was among the most distressing nights of his career.
Bayern Munich beat borussia Dortmund 1-0 at the signal iduna park on saturday. former borussia Dortmund striker Robert lewandowski scored the winner. pep guardiola's side extend their lead at the top of the table to 10 points.
Rory McIlroy could become the sixth man to win the grand slam. the world no 1 is aiming to become an iconic figure in world sport. europe's Ryder cup captain Paul McGinley says that's not his style. 'i’m the no 1 player in the world, i represent the game of golf, am i going to become somebody like tiger woods did, an iconic figure in world sport?'.
england's Danny willett carded an opening round of 71 at augusta national. the 27-year-old holed a curling 60-foot putt for eagle at the par-five 13th. willett said it was a dream come true to mark his Masters debut with an eagle.
hibs boss feared unrest if his side formed a guard of honour for hearts. city rivals refused to acknowledge the champions on to the Ibrox pitch. hibs face hearts at Easter road in the scottish championship derby.
Sam allardyce's contract expires at the end of the season. there is a meeting planned for after the season ends in may. allardyce admits he does not know if he will still be manager.
Thomas bjorn's shot landed in the lap of a female fan on the second hole. he managed to get up and down for par despite the incident. bubba Watson remains in the hunt to win the masters after a solid 71.
video footage shows Blaine Taylor from Aberdeen, competing against his older brother, cody. but as he goes to roll his egg down a grassy hill, he accidentally steps on it. 'It's broken,' he exclaims as he surveys the mess below him.
Arnold Palmer hit the ceremonial opening drive of the 79th masters at augusta. the 85-year-old legend has been struggling with a dislocated shoulder. he took his place alongside Jack Nicklaus and Gary player as honorary starters. south african player produced the longest drive on the par-four first hole.
the 30-year-old made history when she took on eventual gold medallist Katie Taylor of Ireland in the first round of the women's lightweight competition at London 2012. the former world and european bronze medallist said: 'it just felt like the right time to retire'
Novak djokovic beat john isner 7-6 (3), 6-2 to reach the final of the miami open. the no 1-seeded serb is aiming to win his fifth title in the key biscayne. he will face two-time champion Andy murray in the final on sunday.
Mauricio pochettino is becoming the manager for whom young englishmen wish to play, according to exclusive research by the mail on sunday. pochettino has gathered a considerable reputation since arriving in england just over two years ago. four of his young Tottenham players — Harry Kane, Andros Townsend, Ryan Mason and Kyle Walker — all played for England this week.
Nico Rosberg and Lewis Hamilton visited Mercedes' brackley base on thursday. the duo hope to find a winning formula come race weekend in shanghai. mercedes boss toto wolff admitted he was worried by Sebastian Vettel's win.
the german grand prix has been axed from the 2015 calendar. f1 supremo Bernie Ecclestone could not guarantee the future of the italian gp. former world champion Jackie Stewart wants 'essential' races to remain unchanged.
the incident occurred at Nelson Mandela's 90th birthday party in 2008. the 30-year-old was rushing to meet actor will smith when he stepped on Clinton's foot. he didn't even apologise for the incident, he just kept going.
silverstone's motor racing circuit roof was damaged by high winds. part of the $40million (£27m), three-story corporate building was affected. images on social media appeared to show a section of the roof had been removed.
two-time formula one world champion has opened up about the meaning behind his tattoos during an interview with lifestyle magazine men's health. the 30-year-old features on the front cover of the latest issue released on Thursday April 2. 'i love my ink. they all have a meaning. i'm very strong in my faith, so I wanted to have some religious images,' he says.
Jason Robinson: sports life stories will be broadcast on iTV4 on tuesday. the 40-year-old admits he was a heavy drinker during his early days. he was arrested for affray, assault and criminal damage.
Zimbabwe could become the first test playing nation to tour Pakistan since gunmen attacked the Sri Lanka team bus in lahore six years ago. chairman of the Pakistan cricket board hopes for a series of five one-dayers as soon as may. lahore would host three one-day internationals while the remaining two ODIs would be played in Karachi.
Tim sherwood was sacked as spurs boss at the end of last season. the 46-year-old has taken over at premier league side aston villa. levy brought in Mauricio pochettino to replace sherwood.
Alex rodriguez returned to the new york Yankees line-up for the baseball season's opening day. he returned from a 162-game suspension that spanned all of the 2014 season for admitted to receiving and using performance-enhancing drugs. fans even held up signs that read 'forgive' in the crowd.
a new county cricket season is almost upon us with the first round of fixtures this summer beginning on Sunday. former england batsman mark butcher's guide to the county championship. yorkshire will be looking to defend their division one title.
burnley drew 0-0 with top scorer Harry Kane at Turf moor on sunday. defender michael Duff was pleased with his side's performance. the clarets would have escaped the bottom three had they won.
Jordan Henderson gave the ball away 23 times in 90 minutes against arsenal. the wing back has not given the ball away as much all season for liverpool. sunderland defender John O'Shea only sprinted 11.9 metres during their 1-0 win.
Nedum onuoha has 15 months left on his contract at loftus road. the 28-year-old has played regularly under manager Chris Ramsey. everton and west ham are also interested in the centre-back.
Harry Kane hailed a 'best week of my life' after captaining spurs. the 21-year-old scored on his debut for the england national team. but the striker's side were held to a goalless draw at burnley on saturday.
de Girolamo's contract at bramall lane expires at the end of the season. the italy under 20 international is out of contract at the end of the season. de Girolamo is on loan at northampton and has an offer from juve.
west brom striker anichebe gave the baggies the lead in the 58th minute with a header from a corner. the baggies went in 3-0 up at half-time thanks to a goal from substitute Eduardo varagas. the win takes queens park rangers to within two points of the relegation zone at the top of the championship.
Andy King scored in the 86th minute to earn a vital three points. the 26-year-old has now scored 50 goals for his club. he thinks it could prove to be his most important yet.
west bromwich albion will make a £3million move for left back Neil Taylor. the baggies are willing to listen to offers for the 26-year-old defender. Tony Pulis is keen for the defender to fill in at left back at the hawthorns.
Esteban cambiasso scored in Leicester's 2-1 win over west ham on saturday. the 34-year-old midfielder has received high praise from manager Nigel Pearson. cambiasso has won the spanish and italian league titles as well as the champions league.
Daniel agger elbowed Mattias Jorgensen in the head on monday. the incident happened during the hotly-contested derby against Copenhagen. match officials took no action during the game, which finished in a goalless draw. the disciplinary committee of the Danish FA found Agger guilty.
james tomkins dislocated his shoulder in the gym last month. the defender has undergone successful surgery. west ham defender hopes to return before the end of the season.
Haris Vuckic has thrived at ibrox under new manager Stuart McCall. the 22-year-old has scored six goals in 10 games for the scottish club. he admits any chance of staying beyond the end of the season would be an immensely attractive option.
Harry Kane was left in unfamiliar position during open training session. he lined up against Etienne capoue, Nabil betaleb, Eric dier, Roberto soldado, Danny rose and the apparent king of the crossbar, Christian Eriksen. the adage 'close but no cigar' best represents the opening round of attempts.
Ronny deila admits that the first six months in charge were mentally tough. the manager was unsure whether he was cut out to be the boss of the Bhoys. deila's side have twice exited european competition this season.
Ronaldo appeared to be unfairly cautioned by the referee after he was chopped down by defender Antonio Amaya inside the box. the decision means Ronaldo is suspended for the game against Eibar in la Liga on Saturday. but real madrid want the yellow card shown to Ronaldo rescinded.
Jeremy peace is ready to shelve the sale of west brom if a deal is not in place by July. peace has fielded enquiries from consortia in america, china and australia. peace owns 77 per cent of the club and is looking to sell for between £150million to £200m.
Rio Ferdinand believes that manchester united are at their best with Wayne Rooney in attack. the former united midfielder praised van gaal for moving him further up the pitch. he added that the return of midfielders ander Herrera and marouane fellaini has also been important.
Glenn Murray has scored a goal on average every 91 minutes this season. he has a better minutes-per-goal ratio than anyone else in the top flight. Harry kane and Diego Costa are locked on 19 goals this season. they rank fourth and fifth respectively, behind papiss Cisse and Olivier Giroud.
'Kid chocolate' Peter quillin will face defending champion Andy lee next weekend. the 31-year-old has a 71 per cent knockout rate in his undefeated record. but the irishman shows none of the expected arrogance.
atletico madrid beat bottom side cordoba 2-0 in la liga on saturday. Antoine Griezmann scored his 15th goal of the season in the fifth minute. midfielder saul niguez added a second in the 39th minute.
crystal palace have won six out of 10 league games since pardew took charge. the manager feels he could do a better job than some of the big-name managers currently employed by the premier league's trophy-chasing sides. pardew has no immediate plans to leave palace for a trophy-chasing side.
Billy Joe Saunders and Chris Eubank Jnr clashed in a memorable 12-round grudge match on November 29. the pair are both set to fight at wembley arena on may 9 but not against each other. Eubank will be making the first defence of his WBA interim belt. despite having a guaranteed world title shot lined up against the winner of next week's clash between Andy Lee v Peter quillin, Saunders took the bait.
ander Herrera has established himself in louis van gaal's first team plans. the 25-year-old started just three games in his debut season. he scored twice as manchester united beat aston villa 3-1 on saturday.
manchester united beat aston villa 3-1 at old trafford on saturday. ander Herrera opened the scoring before half time. ander rooney made it two after the interval with a superb second. ander Herrera added his second and united's third late on. click here for all the latest manchester united news.
QPR beat west brom 4-1 at the hawthorns on saturday. it was just their second away victory of the season. midfielder Joey barton believes his side have a 'hell of a chance' of staying up.
Anthony Joshua stopped experienced american Jason gavern in the third round. the 37-year-old was dropped twice in the second round and twice more in the third before the contest was waved off in Newcastle. Joshua was returning from a five-month lay-off after suffering a stress fracture in his back.
David templeton spoke out about former managers ally mccoist and kenny mcdowall. the former hearts winger said the methods were lacking under mcdowall. mcdonald's side have won three consecutive games in the championship.
'Del boy' has not boxed since he was stopped by switch-hitting Tyson fury. the fight was a final eliminator for a shot at Wladimir Klitschko's title. promoter Frank Warren has confirmed that Chisora has been back in the gym for the past month.
king won 85-per-cent shareholder backing to return to the boardroom. he required the consent of the court due to previously being a director in the Ibrox oldco which entered liquidation in 2012. ‘today’s decision has removed the final legal hurdle for me to take up my role on the board following the overwhelming mandate at the EGM.
manchester united beat aston villa 3-1 at old trafford on saturday. louis van gaal's side are eight points clear at the top of the premier league. van gaal sees next Sunday's derby against manchester city as important.
Xavi recently travelled to doha to discuss a possible switch to al sadd. the midfielder has managed just five starts in 21 games this season. Xavi assisted Jeremy mathieu's winning goal against celta Vigo on sunday.
Fabian orellana was sent off for throwing a lump of grass at Sergio busquets. the incident happened during barca's 1-0 victory over celta. referee inaki Vicandi garrido brandished a straight red card. orellana has been handed a one-match ban by the spanish federation.
borussia Dortmund have failed to score in four of their last five league games. they are in a disappointing tenth in the table and unlikely to qualify for the champions league. borussia Dortmund face hoffenheim in the dfb pokal on Tuesday.
Franck Ribery rejected a move to real madrid five years ago. the french winger says he was sold on his importance to bayern munich. the 32-year-old says he was sold on his importance to the club.
former italy captain Antonio di Natale spent five years playing alongside the forward at Serie a side udinese. the 37-year-old claims his former team-mate is better than Neymar. di Natale won 42 caps for italy between 2002 and 2012.
Roma fans displayed an offensive banner during their 1-0 defeat of Napoli. the banner insulted the mother of a fan who died last year. a young Napoli fan died after clashes between supporters following last year's Coppa italia final in Rome. part of the stadium will be closed for the game against atalanta on April 19.
malky mackay was sensationally sacked by championship side wigan on monday. hibs boss Alan stubbs is among the front-runners for the job. former everton defender doolan formed part of mackay's backroom staff at the DW stadium before the german was sacked.
alessandro matri, Roberto pereyra and leonardo bonucci scored as juve beat fiorentina. former premier league striker Carlos tevez missed the match. but his absence did not prove costly for the old lady.
Kevin toner's contract at aston villa runs out this summer. the 18-year-old captains the club's under-21 side at the age of just 18. a host of clubs are tracking the young central defender.
Celtic beat bottom side to move eight points clear in the scottish premiership. manager ronny deila was unhappy with the state of the pitch in scotland. he said: 'if you are going to develop good young players, you need a good surface to play and train on'
Stefan Johansen believes Celtic's title aspirations 'look great' after 2-0 win at St mirren. the hoops are eight points clear at the top of the scottish premiership. ronny deila's side have only lost one league game this year.
rory mcilroy is favourite to win the masters at augusta this week. south african golf legend Gary player will attend his 58th Masters this week. player believes mcilroy will become the sixth player to win all four majors at only 25.
Rory McIlroy is bidding to complete his career grand slam at augusta. the northern irishman has won 11 of his 14 majors ranked no 1 in the world. he is ranked 111th in the world at present and has never won a major. the 79th masters is the venue for more majors than any other.
Rory's rise from child prodigy to world no 1 has been beautifully told in a new video created by their sponsors Nike. 'ripple' features a number of young actors portraying McIlroy as a kid and into his teenage years. a common theme runs through the video as McIlroy and his father keep a close eye on Tiger's progress.
Luis enrique insists he is not concerned by the brazilian's recent goal drought. the 23-year-old has not scored for barca since february 15. he looked out of sorts in Sunday's 1-0 win at celta Vigo.
Ian poulter has spent a week in the Bahamas preparing for the masters. the british golfer has two top 10 finishes at the tournament in his 10 attempts. poulter says he has tried 'every type of formula' to prepare for augusta.
manchester city lost 2-1 to crystal palace at the emirates on saturday. manuel pellegrini believes his side should have been awarded a penalty. the result leaves city nine points behind premier league leaders chelsea.
former manchester united midfielder claims Neymar looked uncomfortable during barcelona's 1-0 win over celta Vigo. the brazilian forward has failed to hit the back of the net in his last four games for the catalan giants. Jeremy mathieu headed home in the 73rd minute to give barcelona the lead.
Charlie Adam scored the goal of his career during the defeat to Chelsea. the former liverpool midfielder picked the ball up inside his own half. the audacious effort was clocked at more than 45 miles per hour.
Chelsea beat Stoke 2-1 in their premier league clash at the etihad stadium. a penalty from Eden Hazard gave the blues the lead from the spot. but a Charlie Adam equaliser was enough for the hosts. captain John Terry hailed the Belgian as one of the world's best players.
sterling was just 17 years old when he was told off by rodgers. the winger has attracted interest from real madrid, manchester city and arsenal. sterling has put off contract talks until the summer.
Darren Bent opened the scoring for watford from the penalty spot in the 45th minute. emmanuel adebayor equalised for the hosts in the 57th minute with a deflected shot. adlene guedioura made it 2-2 with 15 minutes to go after slipping a weighted pass to his watford team-mate. emmanuel adebayor was sent off for a foul
Dundee united have failed to win any of their last 10 games in all competitions. manager Jackie McNamara is under increasing pressure after a series of damaging schisms between fans, board and manager. one leading fan told sportsmail of ‘overwhelming unhappiness’ with McNamara’s future at the club.
Andre ayew is out of contract at Marseille at the end of the season. he will be available on a free transfer at the end of the season. ayew's representatives have been made aware of the club's interest. inter milan are thought to be leading the chase for the forward.
Edinson cavani insists he has a respectful relationship with team-mate Zlatan Ibrahimovic. reports had suggested a breakdown in the pair's relationship. cavani admits he and Ibrahimovic are not necessarily friends but dismissed speculation of a rift with the Sweden international.
the former bath full back was man of the match for the third time this year. he scored one try from long range and had a crucial hand in two others. the 28-year-old is theoretically out of contention as an exile abroad. but he has not given up on the slim possibility of a test recall.
Paul casey has returned to the world's top 50 after leaving the european tour. the former world no 3 will struggle to play the 13 events required for membership. casey last played in the Ryder cup in the 2008 defeat by usa at vallhalla.
sterling has turned down a new contract with the reds. the 20-year-old put off contract talks until the summer. former QPR boss Harry redknapp says sterling should focus on football. redknapp concedes that if he wants to force a move, there is little Liverpool can do to stop him.
Harry Kane believes Tottenham still have a chance of qualifying for the champions league this season. the 21-year-old became the youngest premier league captain this season. the striker led out his side for the first time against burnley on sunday.
Tim sherwood and coaches les Ferdinand and christopher ramsey forged friendship at Tottenham. sherwood's aston villa take on qpr in the premier league on tuesday night. ramsey and ramsey have been linked with moves away from white hart lane. click here for all the latest premier league news.
Brendan rodgers insists his relationship with Raheem sterling is strong. sterling suggested he is considering his future at the club last week. but rodgers insists he has never said he wants to leave the club. sterling has not yet signed a new contract with the reds.
Jose mourinho says he would sell any player who didn't want to leave chelsea. sterling has rejected a £100,000-a-week contract with the reds. the 20-year-old will start against arsenal at the emirates on sunday.
Michael Owen has warned that Raheem sterling may not be all he hopes. the 20-year-old has rejected a £100,000-a-week deal at anfield. Owen, like sterling, started his senior career at liverpool. but he eventually moved to real madrid in 2004.
tour guide filmed peddling his legs in the air to lure a mob of emus. video posted online by YouTube user Ratbag nomad. thought to be an old Aboriginal trick to catch an emu - whose meat was highly valued for its oils.
Olivier Giroud and arsene wenger named as premier league player and manager of the month for march. striker scored five goals in four games to earn the award. Harry Kane also failed to win a third consecutive player of the month gong.
Raheem sterling has turned down a new contract with liverpool. the 20-year-old put off talks until the end of the season. sterling gave an interview to the BBC on wednesday giving his reasons for his decision.
jaap stam was told by sir alex ferguson that he was being sold to lazio. his son, Jason, stood to make a seven-figure sum in his role as an agent. sterling is quite within his rights to get the best deal he can for himself.
dove asked a group of women to write down every thought they had about themselves. the women filled in a notebook, and handed it back to the beauty brand. unbeknownst to the women, the notes were turned into a script. two actresses read the script aloud, while the women were all within earshot.
twin 18-month-old boys died after accidentally falling in a canal in arizona. they were pulled from the water and flown to a hospital, where they were pronounced dead. detectives investigating the case believe the boys ended up in the canal by accident and don't suspect foul play.
the 58-year-old spent four days as an advisor to conference side Torquay before joining league one side Yeovil. he has been promoted five times as a manager. but a 1-1 draw with fellow strugglers notts county condemned them to relegation.
former president was hospitalized in december after complaining of shortness of breath. smirked and enjoyed the fresh air at the tournament in Houston, texas.
mark O'Meara carded a 68 to ensure he will still be in the running at the weekend. the 58-year-old american is the third oldest man in the field in 2015. he is one over after the first round but carded five birdies in his second.
manchester city laid on six coaches for free for the game at crystal palace. but the coaches were delayed and missed the kick-off at 8pm. the club have written to 300 fans to apologise and offer refunds. click here for all the latest man city news.
advertising entrepreneur is selling his breathtaking beach house on the central coast of new south wales. the luxurious five bedroom abode offers sweeping views of the Pacific ocean. singleton bought the residence for a suburb record of $4.25 million in late 2007. the property still holds a suburb record of $4.25 from 2007, with the highest sale since then being $2.7 million.
cricket is a global sport with a truly global reach. images of children, amateurs and professional stars playing the game make up the short-list for the wisden–MCC cricket photograph of the year 2014. the competition was won by Getty images photographer Matthew Lewis.
only five players have scored more premier league goals than fowler. the former liverpool striker has named his ultimate starting xi. adam lallana, jordan henderson and raheem sterling make the cut. former manchester united striker peter Schmeichel makes the cut.
gang dumped 40 tonnes of industrial waste at the side of the road in a village. police believe the fly-tippers used three tractors and trailers to transport the waste. the waste includes materials used in the carpet and veterinary industries.
horse wandered into bog in becher's brook, south-east london, on friday. rescuers spent more than an hour dragging Cody to safety.
the leaflet – attached to green bins – told Stratford-upon-avon residents what items could go in them. but a footnote said: 'this is not recyclable'
police have charged two teenagers for allegedly setting off flares. a 13-year-old boy suffered burns to his leg during the match at nib stadium. a 16-year-old boy has been charged with grievous bodily harm and use of signals and flares. the 15-year-old has been charged with grievous bodily harm and will appear in Perth children’s court on may 8.
darron Gibson damaged his metatarsal in the 2-1 win over qpr last month. everton manager Roberto Martinez was hopeful that Gibson would be able to play some part in the final seven matches of the campaign. but now he has been forced to admit defeat with that plan.
Eagle scout Brian gewirtz told his family he was going for a walk near his Brooklyn, new york, home on february 17. but he didn't come back. his family started a frantic search in the local community, warning people of his disability which made it hard for him to understand spoken language. police said his body had been discovered at Marine park golf club, just two miles from his home.
Abdul hadi arwani, 48, was found slumped in a car in wembley on wednesday. he had gun wounds to the chest and had been embroiled in dispute. he had been replaced by hassan anyabwile from Trinidad and tobago. anyabwile was involved in attempted coup d'état in 1990.
darron Gibson will miss the final seven games of the season with metatarsal damage. but everton boss Roberto Martinez expects him to be ready for pre-season. the 27-year-old has endured a wretched time over the last 18 months.
the 19-year-old won the Scottish boys championship in 2013. he then won the British amateur championship last year. the youngster is being tipped for huge things when he turns pro. he finished the day on 79, 13 over par in all and facing the truth that his big weekend was already over.
willett vented his anger after his second shot trickled all the way across the putting surface and left the preacher's son facing a bogey or worse. 'Of anyone you should know the rules,' Willett shouted loudly at the official. the 27-year-old englishman carded a one-under 71 during his first ever round at augusta national.
Bradley Neil missed the cut on his Masters debut at augusta national. the 19-year-old admitted he needed to 'give himself a kick up the a***'. the 2014 amateur champion was playing with fellow countryman and 1988 Masters winner Sandy Lyle.
Sadie the german shepherd was filmed at home in Alberta, canada, switching on an electric organ with her nose and sitting down to play some tunes.
long tailbacks built up on both sides of the motorway in Ortford, Kent. a stretch of the motorway was closed so an air ambulance could land. but during the hour-long delay people started kicking a ball about. police tweeted: 'this is dangerous. ask that people remain in their vehicles'
world no 1 carded a one-under-par 71 to finish seven shots behind leader. he's scheduled to go out in the penultimate group with Phil Mickelson and Ryan Moore at 6.48pm (bst) on friday.
toto wolff insists there is no reason to demand more money from the team. the german team were beaten into second and third in the second race of the season in Malaysia. but a dismissive wolff insists the team will just carry on.
Andy Murray will marry his fiancee in Dunblane on saturday. the 27-year-old will face long-time rival Novak djokovic in the final. the british no 1 has lost nine out of his last 10 matches against the serb.
richie gray has one year left on his contract but will be released should the club go down. fellow Scotland internationals Johnnie beattie and max Evans also expected to leave. the 45-times capped second row was ruled out for the rest of the season in february after suffering an upper-arm injury.
Saracens are the nation's solitary representative in the semi-finals. bath, northampton and wasps tumbled out of the champions cup. most alarming of the defeats was Clermont's spellbinding 37-5 rout of reigning premiership champions and runaway leaders saints. director of rugby Jim mallinder admitted the result points to a chasm between the english and french leagues.
Tomcroft has signed a new deal at Leicester despite his injury troubles. the flanker suffered a dislocated shoulder in the club's win over Newcastle and was left facing six months of rehabilitation. the 29-year-old previously suffered a broken neck and missed most of last season with a knee injury.
Tom poynton missed the entire 2014 campaign due to leg injuries. his father Keith died in a road accident in which he was involved. the former england under-19 international had an ankle operation. he made his playing comeback during the pre-season tour of abu Dhabi.
reports emerged on social media suggesting the owner was now the official owner of the light blues trademarks. documents appeared on the government-run intellectual property office (IPO) website showing the club's trademarks were now controlled by sportsdirect.com retail.
Sebastian Vettel won the second race of the season in Malaysia last month. it was the marque's first success for almost two years. but Ferrari technical director james allison believes Mercedes are likely to lead the way in china this weekend.
Manchester united sit above their 'noisy neighbours' in the premier league table. for the first time since November 23, 2013 they have played the same amount of games. following city's 2-1 defeat at crystal palace on monday night they now trail united by a point ahead of Sunday's derby at old trafford.
Cristiano Ronaldo was booked for diving during real madrid's 2-0 win over Rayo Vallecano on Wednesday. but his yellow card has now been rescinded and he will start against Eibar. the red devils are currently second in la liga.
Sergio aguero has scored six goals in derby meetings with manchester united. the argentine forward says scoring against united gives him shivers. he believes fellow south american Radamel falcao is one of the most naturally gifted strikers in world football.
Lazio beat Napoli 1-0 to reach the final of the coppa italia on wednesday. they will now face juve in the final of the competition on sunday. defender Mauricio managed to capture the celebrations of the Lazio fans using a selfie stick after they secured their progression.
hector bellerin has been linked with a return to former club barcelona. the 20-year-old right back left the catalan giants four years ago. a poll has revealed that barca fans want him to replace Dani alves. alves' contract at the nou camp expires at the end of the season.
real madrid midfielder james rodriguez is 'worth his weight in gold' according to spanish newspaper marca. los blancos have won 80 per cent of their games when rodriguez is in the side compared to just 58 per cent when he's been missing.
Eden Hazard scored a penalty and set up loic Remy's winner in 2-1 win over Stoke. blues take a seven-point lead at the top of the premier league table. jose mourinho has targeted five wins and one draw in the remaining eight games.
Zlatan Ibrahimovic scored a hat-trick as paris saint-germain beat saint-etienne. the 33-year-old has now scored 102 goals in less than three years. he trails only former portugal striker Pedro Pauleta in the all-time list.
Bayern Munich beat bayer leverkusen 5-3 on penalties in the german cup semi-final. pep guardiola's side will face eintracht Frankfurt in the last four on saturday. the german champions have only scored once in their last three games.
David luiz will miss at least four weeks with a torn hamstring. the 27-year-old tore his hamstring against Ligue 1 title rivals Marseille. he posted an Instagram picture sporting a new hairdo in a man bun.
eight teams will play a total of 60 games over almost seven weeks. the final will take place at Eden gardens in Kolkata on may 24. who are the players to watch out for?
Tim sherwood has branded aston villa’s stars ‘icing on the cake players’. villa’s mini-revival has been halted by back-to-back defeats. sherwood believes his star names must dig deep to solve their relegation crisis.
Christian benteke scored a hat-trick as aston villa beat qpr 3-1 on tuesday. the striker's late free-kick brought his tally up to 11 for the season. the uruguayan's tally in the premier league now stands at 11. click here for all the latest premier league news.
Jack Wilshere, Mikel arteta and abou diaby start for arsenal under 21s. all three have been out of action since November through injury. club captain arteta picked up an ankle injury against borussia Dortmund. young gunners take on Stoke city at the Emirates stadium on Tuesday night.
Liam Treadwell won the race on Venetia Williams-trained Mon Mome in 2009. the ride on former Welsh national winner monbeg dude was available because his two regular jockeys, Tom Scudamore and Paul carberry have already got rides.
alastair cook insists he is'refreshed' by this winter's enforced sabbatical at home on the farm. cook has had a taste already of what is to come, first of all in three Caribbean Tests this month and then a decidedly awkward assignment at home to new Zealand. he is one match - eight runs in two innings - one problematic radio interview and one departure press conference, alongside coach Peter Moores.
Nabil Fekir's father believes a move to arsenal would benefit his son. he does not want him to sit on the bench at manchester city. the 21-year-old scored in the 3-1 win over guingamp on saturday.
Kevin pietersen has re-signed for Surrey in attempt to stage comeback. former captain Graham gooch appeared on radio five live on sunday morning. gooch went as far as saying pietersen had 'wiped the floor with the ECB' in the lengthy PR battle since his sacking in 2014.
Jack Wilshere, Mikel arteta and abou diaby set to feature for under 21s. all three have been out of action since November with injuries. club captain arteta and diaby have also picked up injuries.
Jeremy mathieu's header gave barcelona the lead in the 73rd minute. a lump of grass was thrown in the direction of striker Sergio busquets. referee inakivicandi garrido brandished a straight red card for the incident.
Kevin pietersen has re-signed for Surrey in an attempt to win an England recall. the 34-year-old batsman has not played in the LV= county championship since 2013. incoming ECB chairman Colin Graves said domestic form would help.
chelsea striker Diego Costa limped off in the second half with a hamstring injury. the £32million man had been placed on standby for the match. jose mourinho said it was a 'gamble' to throw the striker on.
manchester city have been limited to a net transfer spend of £49m. UEFA's punishment for breaching financial fairplay regulations will be lifted. manuel pellegrini is hoping to sign 'crack' players this summer.
Brittany lincicome won the ANA inspiration in a play-off. the 29-year-old eagled the par-five 18th to win the tournament in california. a soaking wet lincicome had to wear a dressing down.
burnley host Tottenham on sunday still fighting for top-flight survival. Steve McClaren has been linked with a move to Newcastle and sunderland. Derby want burnley manager Sean Dyche to replace McClaren this summer.
Darren Bent has scored nine goals in 13 games for the championship side. the 31-year-old joined on loan from aston villa in the summer. he has scored nine goals in 13 games for the promotion hopefuls.
Tim sherwood and chris ramsey could see their careers shaped by 90 minutes of football at villa park on Tuesday. sherwood and ramsey lived 10 minutes apart in Buckinghamshire and Bedfordshire. a second win on the road at west bromwich albion on saturday means QPR can go above villa with three points. the reverse result would take villa to the precipice of safety.
Jordan Henderson urged his side not to give up on their top-four hopes. liverpool are eight points behind manchester united in fourth place. the reds lost 4-1 at the hands of arsenal on saturday.
aston villa host relegation rivals qpr at white hart lane on tuesday. victory would move them five points clear of the drop zone. but a win would see them return to the bottom three if they lose.
Clint hill scored first premier league goal in 3-3 draw at aston villa. defender believes pressure is on relegation rivals to keep their cool. hill: 'it's about the team and players who hold their head and keep calm'
Sean Dyche has been linked with a move to derby county. the burnley boss insists he is enjoying life at Turf moor. some arsenal fans called for arsene wenger to be sacked.
Chris Ramsey believes his friend and neighbour will keep aston villa in the premier league. if he was a betting man, he would bet on him keeping them up. the pair worked together at Tottenham for four years in various jobs.
Christian Benteke's hat-trick earned a 3-3 draw for aston villa. qpr chairman Tony Fernandes was watching from afar on his iphone. 'i watched the game on my iPhone all kinds of emotions. despair, disappointment, joy, but most important pride. 4 points from two away games,' he tweeted.
Wallace has been released without charge after being questioned by police. the 20-year-old was with Vitesse's squad for their trip to excelsior. 'we still don't know what exactly happened,' a police spokesman said.
eight sides still have a chance of claiming one of the two automatic promotion places. there are just five games left to play of the regular season. here are eight players - one each from Bournemouth, Norwich, watford, middlesbrough, Derby, wolves, Brentford and ipswich - that could well be playing in the top flight next season.
the 161st Oxford-cambridge boat race will be televised for the first time. women's crews will battle the same course as the men, who will follow an hour later. 88 years since the first women to race were jeered by male spectators.
John Terry was caught up in a race controversy with then-qpr defender Anton Ferdinand in 2011. he was cleared in court of racially abusing the player but was banned for four matches and fined £220,000 by the football association. the football association fined him £220,000 for 'using abusive language related to colour'.
the Oxford women's boat race team were rescued by the RNLI on Wednesday. crew members from the Chiswick RNLI station came to their aid. the sunken eight was recovered and returned to Oxford's base.
wasps set to appeal against the three-week ban handed to Nathan Hughes. the back rower was banned for knocking out northampton's George north. but the protest will not allow him to play in the champions cup quarter-final against toulon on sunday.
chelsea face queens park rangers at loftus road on sunday. jose mourinho's side are one booking away from a two-game ban. midfield pair would miss games against arsenal and manchester united. click here for all the latest Chelsea news.
Leeds beat castleford 26-12 in the first utility super league derby. the Rhinos were without captain Kevin sinfield for the third consecutive game. but they continue to thrive without their inspirational captain.
the 22-year-old was knocked unconscious when struck by wasps no 8 Nathan Hughes's knee as he was scoring a try at Franklin's gardens last friday night. winger has been removed from the firing line by his club ahead of the biggest game of their season to date. northampton have opted to act in the best interests of their marquee player.
Tom lineham scored two interception tries in an eye-catching hat-trick. lineham scored a treble in a losing cause at castleford last month. hat-trick puts him out in front as super league's most prolific finisher in 2015.
George north suffered a third confirmed concussion in four months. the 22-year-old was knocked out against wasps at Franklin's gardens last week. he has been ordered to take at least a month off by a neurologist.
Huddersfield forward Jacob fairbank faces a lengthy spell on the sidelines. the 25-year-old fractured his ankle and suffered ligament damage. he was injured in Halifax's victory over Hunslet on Easter Monday.
Jonathan Trott looks set to open the batting with alastair cook in the first Test against west indies in antigua on monday. the batsman fell for just two in the first of four practice matches. it follows his third-ball duck at the hands of his team-mate Jimmy Anderson.
alastair cook and Jonathan trott both scored 158 on the opening day. england dominated against a modest st kitts & nevis xi. but it was the runs of the two batsmen that impressed the england captain.
richie benaud, 84, died on friday after a long battle with skin cancer. he revealed last year that he had skin cancer and was receiving treatment. the cricket legend said he 'never ever wore a cap' as a child because he was influenced by legendary all rounder Keith miller. he said he was 'coping with it very well' and urged all australians to cover their heads.
Loic Remy scored the winner as Chelsea beat Stoke 2-1 on saturday. it was the second consecutive goal for the striker for the blues. Diego Costa left the game with a hamstring injury. but Jose mourinho heaped praise upon the striker.
the 25-year-old former gymnast is now sharing topless selfies on Instagram. he shot to fame after winning a bronze and silver medal at the 2012 olympics. 'i work hard to get the body I have, so why not show off what I’ve got?' he said.
scans have revealed that Kyle walker has not broken his foot. there were fears the defender may have fractured his right foot. he sustained the injury following a collision with burnley's kieran trippier.
Cameron Thomas Philp was passing a crime scene at highgate hill in Brisbane on may 3, 2013 when he graffitied and spat on the side of the vehicle. when the forensic officer found the van, he swabbed the spit and swiftly located Philp from his DNA. he was fined $300 but avoided a conviction.
'i’m a strong, independent woman,’ she says in a new interview to promote her role as Mulberry’s new muse. it is thought the pressures of becoming part of the royal family put a strain on her relationship with prince Harry.
Chris Tremlett backs Kevin pietersen to make international comeback. south african batsman was sacked by the england and wcb last year. pietersen is gearing up for his first county championship action since 2013.
Kevin pietersen believes former team-mate michael Vaughan is the right man to lead english cricket. the 40-year-old has previously kept his distance from a formal role with the ECB, preferring to focus on his media profile. he is believed to be open to discussions about the new role.
arsene wenger has won 14 manager of the month gongs at arsenal. the frenchman is yet to match the 27 monthly prizes of sir alex ferguson, who won 27 in total. wenger's side have won four of their last five premier league games. click here for all the latest arsenal news.
alec Stewart played in a record 133 tests for english cricket. the former captain has not yet been approached by the ECB. but he said: 'when english come calling, you shouldn't say no' bookies' favourite for the post is former captain michael Vaughan.
qpr manager Chris Ramsey has lost six out of seven games in charge. but he will be handed an instant route back into football if he leaves. sherwood also wishes he had striker Darren Bent at the club.
french midfielder has thrived in the centre of arsenal's midfield. coquelin returned from loan spell at championship side Charlton earlier in the season. the 23-year-old feared he wouldn't get the chance to play for the gunners.
will Stack, 22, was stopped for 'improper use of the median' in south carolina. he was stopped by a 'white officer' for using the empty lane for a left turn. the officer explained that the median 'needs to be open for emergency vehicles' but in the video, he insists that 'there are good cops out there'
Jeanetta Riley, 35, was killed last July after she brandished a knife at two cops outside of a hospital in Sandpoint. the mother-of-three was taken to hospital by her husband, 44-year-old Shane, following threats she made to kill herself. while parked outside of the emergency room of Bonner general hospital, she pulled a knife from under the car seat featuring a three-and-a-half-inch blade. in the video, officers repeatedly tell her to put the knife
Georgina Rojas-Medina, 41, and her common-law husband, Gerardo Tovar, 44, were shot and killed on saturday night. neighbors say they were alerted to the bodies by the couple’s 4-year-old daughter just after midnight. investigators determined that tovar shot Rojas-Medina, then turned the gun on himself. the 4-year-old girl and two other siblings, ages 10 and 12, were not hurt in the shooting.
children who share iPads in class do much better in early literacy tests. findings come after naht general secretary said he was dubious about using technology as a teaching aid in non-IT classes. but research suggests best outcome comes from youngsters sharing devices.
towering structure was built after a forest fire swept the valley clean of trees. the owner refused to relinquish his idyllic view of the mountains, so they built up. now it teeters at an impressive 12 stories high, bearing a stark resemblance to the kind of houses drawn in his books.
Todd Phillips, a front-outside tire changer for dayle coyne racing, was injuried when he was struck by the car of Francesco Dracone. Dracone spun while exiting his put box, clipping Phillips' leg. Phillips was taken to the infield care center for treatment where he has received stitches for a cut on his leg and has been released.
four-seater plane believed to have come down near Hatten, oldenburg. male pilot killed in crash, and three passengers taken to hospital. one man in'serious condition', according to emergency services.
UEFA's financial fair play regulations were deemed to have breached last year, before being fined £50million and ordered to operate with a £49m transfer kitty this season. city are debt-free, mainly thanks to the vast wealth of owner sheikh mansour's personal investment. 'just because a club is part of the established order doesn't mean they should be guaranteed success forever,' says city captain.
right-handed reliever John axford was placed on the family medical emergency list before the rockies game on sunday. his son, 2-year-old Jameson, was bitten twice by a rattlesnake last month in the yard of the house his family rented in Scottsdale. his toes 'look fine,' but doctors are trying to improve mobility as they combat infection.
Dina Talaat put on a spectacular show at opening ceremony of confederation of African football's (CAF) Ordinary General Assembly in Cairo. but delegates from the country including Khaled abdel aziz, Egyptian minister of youth and sports, stayed in adjoining hall until end of performance, it was claimed. a spokesman for the Egyptian football association confirmed members left the venue once Mrs Talaat started her performance.
manchester united defeated manchester city 4-2 in the manchester derby. the big win at old trafford sparked a string of viral images on twitter. the red devils now have a clear lead in the barclays premier league.
more than 70 hours of footage from hidden cameras in east london pub. one man told how he realised he was gay while dating married woman. three middle-aged men talked openly about erectile dysfunction. another spoke about his fears about having a kidney transplant.
manchester united beat manchester city 2-0 at old trafford on sunday. united finished the game with 10 men after marouane fellaini was sent off. manager louis van gaal blamed himself for using all his substitutes. van gaal said some players didn't know they were playing with 10 men.
former rugby internationals Lewis moody, Danny grewcock and Josh lewsey said they felt nothing more than a jolt. poor visibility at the makeshift 800m strip beside the Russian operated camp barneo first caused an aborted landing. the experienced pilots were then forced to break harder than usual when a crack appeared on an ice floe near the runway.
Alan stubbs' side beat hearts 2-0 in the edinburgh derby. it was the second straight win for the hibs, who are second in the championship. stubbs hailed the bravery of his players after the defeat.
former australia captain richie benaud died aged 84 on friday. his wife daphne has politely declined the offer of a state funeral. she has reportedly settled on a private gathering with only immediate family. prime minister tony abbott offered the family a state funeral. he described his death as the 'greatest loss for cricket since don Bradman'
Diane blankenship, 45, is accused of having sex with a 14-year-old boy in the backseat of her vehicle. in a later incident, the 'clerical worker' at dayspring academy allegedly had sex with a 17-year-old student.
the 65-year-old was named as the recipient on Saturday in recognition of his 45 years chronicling conflicts around the world. the jury recognised Gittoes 'for his courage to witness and confront violence in the war zones of the world' and for 'enlisting the arts to subdue aggression'
video shows lions interacting with visitors inside a metal cage attached to a car. the video was captured at the orana wildlife park – the country’s only open-range zoo. it also shows the lions scaling the cage and eating meat through its bars.
two police officers have sustained injuries after attempting to shut down an enormous 1000 person rave in Sydney's east. police were forced to use capsicum spray on a number of the attendees. one officer had a piece of glass removed from his head after having a bottle thrown at him. a 26-year-old woman was arrested after she allegedly assaulted an officer.
four men have been caught on CCTV robbing a service station. they filled a doona cover with $38,000 worth of cigarettes. however they struggled to fit the large loot into the boot. they lost about a third of it as they dragged the stash alongside the car. they are all wanted by police for a series of break-ins in the area.
the crash occurred at moorabin airport, near Melbourne, on saturday. it is believed one of the planes issued a may-day warning and attempted to make an emergency landing when it smashed into the other plane. three people, including a man and a woman in their twenties, were taken to hospital with minor injuries.
Troy slezak from huntington beach, california, filmed his seven-month-old daughter Stella playing with the giant pooch.
Jose mourinho has trialled a new midfield formation for the west london derby at loftus road. the blues boss is likely to play a more advanced role for cesc fabregas in the 'No10' position behind didier drogba up front. willian will start on the right and Oscar may drop out of the starting line up.
clare verrall, 31, was randomly attacked while walking her french bulldog. a man jumped out from behind some bins and attacked her on the street. she was left with a broken nose, black eye and broken toe from the attack. she kneed the man in the groin and kicked him twice in the kidneys. police are still searching for the man described as 'caucasian, aged in his late 20s, approximately 180cm tall with a slim build'
four-time world champion returned to a hero's welcome at the team's factory. 'it was quite nice to receive the welcome after the win,' he said. 'there were a couple of rituals involved, so it was nice for them to get that feeling again,' he added.
LA galaxy move off the foot of the western conference with a win against the sounders. Alan Gordon scored a first-half winner with just his second goal of the season. the sounders had plenty of chances to equalise at the StubHub centre.
police arrested David Powell after the pensioner's body was discovered. the body has not yet been formally identified, but is believed to be his mother. the 73-year-old is due to appear before magistrates at Newcastle-under-Lyme.
Daniel ricciardo practices with a martial artist ahead of the chinese grand prix. the red bull driver has struggled with a slow start to the 2015 season. ricciardo finished sixth in australia and 10th in Malaysia.
Eden Hazard reached 100 premier league appearances on sunday. Graeme souness believes he will be named PFA player of the year. the sky sports pundit says Hazard has 'dancing feet'.
aljaz bedene has won his first match since becoming a British citizen. the 25-year-old claimed a 6-3 6-2 victory over maxime chazal of france. bedene has lived in the uk for seven years and is now a citizen.
thousands of female race-goers paraded into Aintree in a collection of floral, flamboyant and eye-catching numbers. many opted for outfits that wouldn't have been out of place at a wedding. many were intent on nothing more than enjoying the blissful weather.
Dave doggett, the chairman of league two outfit, has warned of a new breed of hooliganism in the sport. he believes groups of up to 10 men - aged in their 50s and 60s - are trying to relive the 1980s by arranging fights with rivals prior to games. he said violence at matches has increased recently as older men return to watching their team play in their retirement.
Alassan gobitaca, known as al the jumper, is a Swedish Guinness world record holder. he has jumped over everything from a lamborghini to a pair of moving motorbikes. in the clip, he is recorded by co-host Laura Jackson successfully completing the jump.
Lewis Hamilton was fastest in practice ahead of this weekend's chinese grand prix. mercedes team-mate Nico rosberg was second in the opening session. the british driver is bidding to win his fourth race in china.
Jordan spieth tees off at 2:55pm local time (7:55pm bst) on saturday. the american holds a five-shot lead at the half-way stage at augusta. he will be joined in the final pairing by fellow american Charley Hoffman. leading Brits Justin rose and Paul casey will tee off at 2:45pm (7:45pm bst) and 2:35pm (7:35pm bst
Keanu reeves visited the red bull headquarters in mk with sky sports. the 50-year-old actor grilled chief technical officer Adrian newey. he also tried out the red bull simulator during his time at the factory.
Fernando alonso says he will retire from formula one when his deal with McLaren-Honda comes to an end. 'after 15 or 16 or 17 years of formula one it's enough. normal life will start the day I retire,' he said. the 33-year-old left Ferrari in 2007 after a bitter season but says he is glad to be back.
Sergio perez fears 'a very painful year' lies ahead if force india's upgraded car proves a dud. build-time pressure over the winter resulted in the team starting the campaign with a car that is considerably off the pace. the silverstone-based marque's B-spec model is now not due to be unveiled until the Austrian grand prix in June.
AP McCoy claimed victory in the Grade one Aintree Hurdles on jezki. Arctic fire, ridden by Ruby Walsh, fell at the final hurdle. jezki beat rock on ruby by 13 lengths at this year's grand national.
fly-half spent four months on loan with Quins earlier this season. 21-year-old will return to the club next season on a full-time contract.
Charlie hemphrey is the first englishman to hit a Sheffield Shield hundred since John Hampshire for Tasmania in 1978. the 25-year-old made his second xi debut for Kent at 15. he has now secured a professional contract with a top-flight side in australia.
a u.s. RC-135u reconnaissance aircraft was flying near the Baltic sea. a SU-27 flanker 'aggressively' cut into its path, according to the state department. move has been slammed as 'unprofessional' and 'unsafe'
Jacques Burger is alleged to have struck racing metro scrum-half Maxime Machenaud. the complaint was made by match citing commissioner Eugene Ryan. Burger, 31, will face a disciplinary hearing on Thursday.
Steven Finn admits he finds it 'baffling' that he is not hitting 90mph. the 26-year-old has vowed to regain his place in the test squad. he was one of the few pluses of england's dismal world cup run.
Elia Viviani was involved in a major crash in the final kilometre of Scheldeprijs. the italian hit the barriers in a crash which sent around 50 riders to the ground, and went to hospital for x-rays. viviani was vying for position ahead of the expected sprint finish in the cobbled classic.
the west indies have cut six names from their first training camp. sheldon cottrell, Miguel cummins, Shane Dowrich, Shannon Gabriel, Leon Johnson and Veerasammy permaul have all been stood down. the three-match series starts in antigua on monday.
a federal jury found dzhokhar tsarnaev guilty on all charges on tuesday. the jury will now decide whether the 21-year-old should be sentenced to death or receive life in prison. the jury will likely meet early next week to resume the penalty phase.
cancer survivor Jonas gutierrez will trigger contract extension at Newcastle if he starts remaining seven matches of the campaign. the 31-year-old was the only united player to emerge with any credit in the wake of last weekend’s defeat at sunderland. it was Gutierrez’s first start for the magpies in 20 months having twice beaten testicular cancer.
Harry Kane has scored 29 goals in all competitions this season. the 21-year-old penned a new five-and-a-half year contract in february. he also scored 78 seconds into his english debut last month.
west ham currently sit first in the premier league table with 999 points. the top three nations in UEFA's rankings qualify for the competition. manager allardyce wants his side to qualify via fair play next season.
Rangers crashed to a second championship defeat of the season at Palmerston. new manager Stuart McCall suffered his first defeat since taking charge. queen of the south's play-off hopes were given a massive boost.
sunderland midfielder seb Larsson suspended for crystal palace clash. jack rodwell will return to the squad after a hamstring problem. defenders wes brown and emanuele Giaccherini are still missing.
the former santos ace shows his footballing brain never stops. the scantily dressed brazilian juggles the ball with a friend. Neymar will be hoping to impress when barcelona travel to face sevilla.
Vincent nogueira scored in stoppage time as Philadelphia beat new york city 2-1. former spain international David villa equalized for city in the 55th minute. new york's Lloyd Sam scored in the 90th minute to rescue a 2-2 draw at DC united.
french league president did not come down to shake the players' hands. bastia lost 4-0 to paris saint Germain in the league cup final on saturday. french league president Frederic Thiriez has been asked to step down.
manchester united host rivals manchester city at old trafford on sunday. united sit above city in the premier league table for the first time in 16 months. manuel pellegrini admits his side have 'thrown it into the garbage'.
Palermo have not tasted victory away from home since 2-0 at AC Milan. the islanders are 11th in the Serie a table. defender Roberto Vitiello feels his side must start winning away from home.
Cristiano Ronaldo scored five goals as real madrid beat granada 9-1 on sunday. the five-goal haul included an eight-minute hat-trick. Jeremy mathieu scored a diving header as barcelona beat celta vigo.
Glenn Murray scored a hat-trick as crystal palace beat manchester city 1-0. it was ten years ago this month that the striker humiliated Gerard Pique in a reserve match at old trafford. he now boasts the fifth-best goals-per-minute ratio in europe's top five leagues.
real madrid are four points behind leaders barcelona in the la liga title race. coach Carlo ancelotti faces a selection dilemma ahead of the match with Rayo. he will have both Isco and james rodriguez available for the first time in two months.
real madrid face city rivals atletico madrid in the quarter-finals. carlo ancelotti's side won the champions league last season. the tie will be a re-run of last year's final.
crystal palace beat manchester city 2-1 at the emirates stadium on monday night. Glenn Murray opened the scoring in the first half despite both he and Scott Dann appearing to be offside. fading champions pulled one back through yaya toure but are now nine points adrift of leaders city.
real madrid beat granada 9-1 at the Bernabeu on sunday. gareth bale opened the scoring with a goal in the 25th minute. the former spurs winger took to twitter to show off his BBQ.
lazio beat Napoli 1-0 to reach their eighth coppa italia final. the biancoceleste will face juve in the final on sunday in rome. coach Stefano pioli is excited about the enthusiasm in his squad. but he said there is still a lot of work to be done before the final.
manchester city take on manchester united at old trafford on sunday. manuel pellegrini's side have fallen behind their arch-rivals in the table. city could register a fifth successive derby win for the first time in their history with victory.
west ham have picked up just 11 points in the barclays premier league. co-owner David Sullivan admitted the last 12 games have been 'exceedingly disappointing' but co-owner Sam allardyce has told Sullivan not to judge his side on their form in 2015 alone.
photos of the visit were posted on the international judo federation's twitter account alongside a flashback picture of smalling as a youngster. the 25-year-old excelled at the martial art as a teen and was at one stage named national judo champion for his age group. he signed for manchester united one year later and will be hoping to make manager louis van gaal's starting line up for the crunch clash with manchester city.
manchester city host manchester united at old trafford (sunday 4pm) city captain Vincent Kompany is doubtful with a hamstring injury. united have lost their last four league games against city.
the west london derby kicks off at 1.30pm on sunday afternoon. qpr will be without experienced defender Richard Dunne (knee). midfielder John Obi Mikel is fit again following a knee injury.
Wayne rooney has listed his top five derby days moments ahead of sunday's crucial clash with arsenal at the emirates. the manchester united striker's top five moments include a famous overhead kick, a 96 minute winner and a rare Paul Scholes header. rooney's side are locked in a battle with arsenal for the second automatic champions league qualification place.
louis van gaal has praised the rebirth of midfielder marouane fellaini. the big Belgian is expected to start against manchester city on sunday. in the corresponding fixture last season, he was jeered by both city and united fans as he was substituted in a 3-0 united defeat.
Chelsea have led or shared the lead since the opening day of the season. the west london side enter this weekend's matches seven points clear. 'to be top of the league since day one shows consistency, stability, confidence and a brave approach to every game,' says Jose mourinho.
Chris Ramsey believes the west london derby is more crucial to his side than it is to title-chasing Chelsea. the blues visit loftus road looking for a win that will maintain their position as firm favourites to claim the premier league crown. the Rs could start the derby just one point off the foot of the table despite taking four points from their previous two fixtures.
Kaka posted a picture of himself working out on his official Instagram account. the midfielder is preparing for his side's trip to Portland on sunday. Orlando are currently sixth in the eastern conference table.
Kieran agard, Joe Bryan and Aaron wilbraham scored in the derby win. swindon boss mark cooper has to pick his side up after two defeats. both yaser kasim and Raphael Branco booked for their part in the defeat.
Bristol city will become the first football league club to win promotion this season if they beat Bradford on Tuesday night. the league one leaders came away from second-placed Preston unscathed. Steve cotterill's side were destined not to seal promotion at deepdale.
Jason cummings opened the scoring for hibernian in the 30th minute. a goal from Farid alagui made it 2-0 in the first minute of injury time. hearts defender callum paterson headed a free-kick over the crossbar.
malky mackay was sacked as wigan manager on the final day of the season. malky mackay had been in charge for just five months at the DW stadium. new manager Gary caldwell has been appointed in a permanent capacity. chairman david sharpe insists it was the right decision to sack mackay.
team sky's geraint Thomas finishes 14th in the tour of flanders. he was one of the favourites to win the race after recent victories. but the Welshman was unable to close the gap on the Norwegian.
Dani alves' contract at barcelona expires in the summer. the full-back has been linked with a move away from the nou camp. dinorah Santana has revealed a deal has been offered by the club. click here for more barcelona news.
the 31-year-old has been unable to agree a new deal with the catalan club. dinorah Santana, the player's agent and ex-wife, confirmed the offer. the news is likely to spark a scramble for the right-back's signature.
Glenn Murray has scored five goals in five games since returning from injury. the 31-year-old has the best goals-per-minute ratio of anyone in the top-flight. Alan pardew believes the striker is reaping rewards from loan spell at reading.
time lapse footage captures a ride on the highest railway in europe, the Jungfrau. train speeds along the 9km long electrified track, which leads from Kleine Scheidegg to Jungraujoch and stands at an elevation of 2061m and 3454m.
cheeky monkey captured on camera snatching a banana from a tourist. the monkey then slaps the lady's camera when she gets too close. the video was captured in the Thai town of Kanchanaburi.
former bowler Steve Harmison has won seven on the spin with his club side. the 36-year-old took the job with the northern league division one side in the ninth tier of english football. current Newcastle boss John carver has invited Harmison to training to catch a glimpse of his favourite team.
Dashem Tesfamichael, 30, was jailed for life with a minimum of 13 years in 2006. he stabbed Olu Olagbaju, 26, in a nightclub in the city of london. the music producer died after being stabbed in the chest. Tesfamichael was filmed on a banned mobile phone as he danced outside. he clutches a glass of prison hooch and sings to
manchester united are third in the premier league table. louis van gaal's side beat aston villa 3-1 at old trafford on saturday. united are eight points ahead of fifth-placed liverpool in the table.
Paul casey is the 99th qualifier in the field of 99 due to play at the masters. the englishman was at home in arizona when the matter was decided last Sunday. casey got in due to staying in the world's top 50 but was projected to fall to 54th.
padraig harrington has rediscovered his form ahead of the masters. the three-time major winner had fallen out of the world's top 300. he accepted an invitation to play in the Honda classic in florida. harrington ended up winning the tournament after a play-off victory.
Eduardo varagas has been ruled out for the rest of the season. the 25-year-old picked up the injury to his left knee after falling awkwardly in the 4-1 win over west brom at the hawthorns. scans have since revealed Vargas sustained a grade two medial collateral ligament injury.
Rotherham beat blackpool 1-0 at the aes seal new york stadium on saturday. matt derbyshire scored the only goal of the game after eight minutes. the result lifts Rotherham to within two points of bottom-placed blackpool.
Chris Martin opened the scoring for the hosts in the 51st minute. Darren Bent doubled the lead in the 81st minute with a deflected strike. the win means the relegation zone is back on track for the Rams.
retired engineer, Dave Tyler, 72, built his own observatory in his garden near high wycombe in 1977. he is able to capture a wide variety of phenomena including sunspots, solar prominences, coronal loops and solar flares. he first became interested in astronomy after watching the first episode of the BBC's sky at night in 1957.
Brendan rodgers insists there is no crisis at anfield despite successive defeats by rivals manchester united and arsenal. liverpool face blackburn in the FA cup quarter-final replay on wednesday. the reds lost 4-1 at the Emirates on saturday.
MLS side Orlando city are the latest club to express interest in javier Hernandez. the Mexican international would be a huge commercial draw for the club. manchester united have made a revised contract offer to 19-year-old Andreas pereira.
Chelsea and spurs drew 0-0 at Wheatsheaf park in the u21 league. both teams missed chances to narrow the gap to league leaders united. the result saw spurs climb to third behind united and liverpool.
men aged 65 and over ten times more likely to be diagnosed with malignant melanoma than those of their parents’ generation. around 5,700 pensioners are now diagnosed with melanoma each year in the uk compared with just 600 a year four decades ago.
wolves moved into sixth place in the championship with a fourth successive victory. substitute David Edwards headed home two minutes from the end. benik afobe scored his side's third goal of the afternoon.
Bournemouth trailed Birmingham city by two goals at the goldsands stadium. but a four-goal comeback saw them move back to the top of the championship. the south coast club had not conceded the first goal at Dean court this campaign.
referee german delfino overturned a decision based on a television replay. linesman Ivan nunez caught a replay of the incident on a nearby cameraman's monitor and informed delfino via his earpiece. despite the correct decision being awarded by the referee - replays showed striker Mariano pavone was the handball offender.
ander Herrera has started the last eight matches for manchester united. the midfielder scored twice in the 3-1 win over aston villa on saturday. the 25-year-old described united as the 'right team in the right league'.
real madrid goalkeeper Iker casillas comforted a young fan who was hit by a wayward shot during his side's emphatic 9-1 win over Granada. the veteran custodian handed the supporter his Real madrid shirt. the gesture came during one of the easiest 90 minutes of his career.
Ashley young was in attendance as Crawley took on oldham in league one. his younger brother Lewis plays for the home side as a winger or striker. Crawley are scrambling to avoid relegation from league one.
Bradley Johnson scored his 12th and 13th goals of the season for the canaries. the win sees the canaries move into the top two of the championship. it is the first time the canaries have reached the top two since october.
vice-captain wants to stay at anfield but is approaching the final year of his £60,000-per-week contract. talks over a new deal are well underway and Henderson has already rejected a five-year deal worth £80,000 per week. an improved offer worth £5.2million-per-year will be enough for Liverpool to cement Henderson's long-term future.
around 300 city fans have been afforded free travel on six coaches. the move was made after tv scheduling for the 8pm kick-off made it virtually impossible for supporters to return home by train or plane on the same night. meanwhile, hundreds of thousands of football fans are facing a travel nightmare this weekend because of the Easter rail shut down.
Ipswich have now lost four of their last five away games. Nahki wells and james vaughan gave the home side the lead in the 12th minute. but it wasn't enough to dent the Tractor Boys' play-off hopes.
former west coast captain was arrested on march 11 after leading police on a low speed chase from Bicton to Mosman park. he failed to appear in court on wednesday to face reckless driving charges. his lawyer claimed he had conflicting medical appointments and an arrest warrant was issued. he surrendered himself at police station on thursday morning. he left court with a smirk on his face and smiled as he left.
gareth bale opened the scoring for real madrid in the 25th minute. cristiano ronaldo doubled the lead in the 30th minute before half-time. karim benzema doubled the lead in the 89th minute. karim benzema completed the rout with an own goal in the 83rd minute.
arsene wenger admits he didn't expect hector bellerin and Francis coquelin to play such a key role in arsenal's late push for the premier league title. wenger had all but given up on coquelin when he was sent on loan to Charlton before christmas. bellerin scored his second arsenal goal against Liverpool, a wonderful curling left-footer to break the deadlock.
Turkish airlines flight crew allowed captain to use tannoy to congratulate team-mates. aviation officials said it was a serious breach of the safety rules. flight crew are subject to a £260 fine, at the very least.
manuel pellegrini's side are currently fourth in the premier league. they were handed a £49million net spending cap by UEFA last summer. but Pellegrini insists his side must splash the cash this summer. he has said they must sign a 'crack' player such as striker Sergio aguero.
Troy deeney and odion Ighalo scored for watford at the etihad. middlesbrough's defence exploded at the seams in the second half. the lead which middlesbrough held at the start of play has changed hands 16 times.
malky mackay has been sacked as manager of championship side wigan. the 43-year-old was sacked after just five months in charge. mackay is accused of sending racist, sexist and homophobic messages. chairman david sharpe made a snap decision to sack the manager.
Jeremy mathieu heads home in the 73rd minute to hand barcelona a 1-0 win against celta vigo. mathieu had opened the scoring in the el clasico, in a similar fashion. the french defender made a game-saving tackle on celta striker Charles, just a minute before.
club tijuana lost 4-3 to monterrey in the mexican league on tuesday. club legend Juan arango sank his teeth into the shoulder of Jesus zavela. he was not booked by the referee but could face a retrospective ban.
Kevin pietersen returned to nets at Surrey on monday for the first time since resigning for the county last month. the 34-year-old was pictured leaving the ground just before 2pm. pietersen is expected to step-up his county rehabilitation with a three-day warm-up against Oxford MCCU on April 12.
Brendan rodgers conceded defeat in his quest for the top four. the reds are seven points adrift of the champions league places. arsenal have won 17 of their 20 games since christmas in all competitions.
Cristiano Ronaldo scored five goals as real madrid thrashed granada 9-1. the treble was Ronaldo's 31st career hat-trick and his 24th in la liga. he has now scored 11 times in just eight matches for the spanish giants.
Jeremy mathieu scored the winning goal for barcelona against celta vigo. the frenchman admits his side were poor throughout the match. mathieu praised his defensive partner Gerard pique.
seven-minute video purportedly shows militants destroying 3,000-year-old relics. they are seen hammering and drilling away at sculptures and stone slabs. then bulldoze and blow up the ruins, completely obliterating the site. ancient city of Nimrud is on UNESCO's tentative world heritage list.
Mamadou Sakho tweeted a picture of him and Steven Gerrard heading to paris. the pair were heading to the home stadium of french third tier side, the stade dejerine. on saturday, Liverpool were beaten 4-1 by arsenal in the premier league.
Ander Herrera scored a brace for manchester united against aston villa. Herrera's eyes appeared to be shut as he made contact with the ball. the 25-year-old has scored six goals without even looking at the ball.
andre-Pierre Gignac opened the scoring for Marseille in the 30th minute. a mistake from Marco veratti gave him a clear run on goal. a minute later, marquinhos made it 2-2 with a superb curling effort. andre-Pierre Gignac doubled the lead in the 43rd minute. a zlatan ibrahimovic own goal made it 2-2 just two minutes later.
daredevil Nik wallenda says he'll walk atop the 400-foot observation wheel as it turns on April 29. the 36-year-old said he was not likely to walk the entire 20 minutes or so that it takes the wheel to go a full circle.
seven baby foxes were discovered in a cardboard box in a car park in pa. the box was left by a clothing donation bin in the car park. when a woman peeped inside she saw seven baby foxes sitting together. they were taken to the pocono wildlife rehabilitation and educational center. the center is spending more than $1,000 looking after the cubs. they are being bottle-fed special 'fox milk' and formula until they grow and gain strength.
pictures from Monday's game show the steel structures for the new part of the Main Stand now taller than the existing structure. work on the Main Stand expansion will be completed by the start of the 2016-17 season. the new stand will be able to seat 21,000 and increase the stadium's capacity from 45,000 to 54,000.
surveillance footage shows the man get into a dispute with bartenders. he was kicked out of Neely's Grog house in port st lucie, florida. but he returned minutes later with a cup of gasoline and threw it on the bouncer. the bouncer was taken to the hospital with serious burns.
a fortunate deflection from an audacious Nigel de Jong overhead kick saw AC Milan salvage a draw against Sampdoria on sunday night. former Samuel eto'o provided the deft pass to nutmeg Philippe mexes and find Roberto soriano to open the scoring just before the hour mark. de Jong's spectacular effort was headed straight for keeper Emiliano Viviano but found the back of the net off Alfred Duncan's leg.
the 26-year-old singer wore a daring, backless black dress to the awards. she was accompanied by her rugby captain boyfriend, who played for harlequins. the cameras were firmly trained on the singer in her floor-length gown.
real Sociedad drew 1-1 with deportivo la coruna at the anoeta stadium. a Xabi prieto penalty gave the hosts the lead in the 31st minute. but a Lucas perez penalty equalised for the visitors in the 38th minute.
if found guilty, chancey luna faces a maximum sentence of life in jail without the prospect of release. authorities allege Luna, 17, randomly selected Lane and pulled the trigger as the car drove past. the trial is expected to last between seven and 10 days.
the unnamed boy from Medina, ohio, gave out $100 notes in the classroom. he then went to a friend's house and showered adults with cash. the group then went on a shopping spree, police said. some $7,000 of the man's savings has been recovered, police said.
a newly-released video has highlighted the shocking - and arguably discriminatory - price differences between products and services aimed at men and women. the clip was created by HLN's the daily share and illustrates the prevalence of this 'women's tax' by directly comparing a variety of different products and services aimed at men and women. even more disappointing is that this practice of 'invisible tax' is not only found almost everywhere, but it is entirely legal in almost every state
Jordan Spieth carded a double bogey on the 17th but still set a new 54-hole scoring record at the masters. the 21-year-old gave up just one shot of his five stroke halfway lead. he will partner rose in the final round armed with a useful advantage.
celebrity chef's anger management issues cost him his first marriage and his business. he labelled his then-wife a 'c***' during an episode of heat in the kitchen in 2004. the 44-year-old said he would work himself into a 'frenzy' because of his uncontrollable rage.
the 75-year-old man believes he accidentally stood on the saltwater crocodile. he received a deep laceration to his shin and puncture wounds to his calf. emergency services were called to the Palmer sea reef golf course.
didier drogba is yet to be offered a new contract at stamford bridge. veteran striker insists he is not planning to retire at the end of the season. 37-year-old admits he finds sitting on the bench frustrating.
Josi Harrison, Laura lefebvre, and Hailey Walden were in eighth grade. they claim they were blackmailed into sending nude pictures to boyfriends. after sending one, they were told they would be charged with child porn. principal and police chief told them to'suck it up', they claim. on thursday, judge ordered that each girl receive $75,000 in damages.
'liverpool 4, Newcastle 3' was a seven goal thriller at anfield in 1996. 'i've been very lucky to cover so many great games but i do usually plump for this same one,' he said. 'i think if you take all the elements of why we all love football they all happened in this particular game,' he said.
javier Hernandez has endured a frustrating season at real madrid. the mexican has been on loan at the santiago bernabeu. now, german side Wolfsburg are showing an interest in signing him. the club have also considered signing manchester city's Edin Dzeko.
deputies chase after 44-year-old suspect after he fled during sting operation. once they catch up to him, they tackle him to the ground and shoot him. exclaimed: 'Oh, my god, he shot me! he shot me, man!' after firing one round, exclaimed: 'Oh, I shot him! i'm sorry'
Inter Milan have opened talks with manchester city regarding a deal for Jovetic. the serie a club have proposed an initial loan deal for the forward. city are unwilling to let him leave on a temporary basis. click here for all the latest transfer news with our live updates.
Mario gomez has been linked with a move to the nou camp in the summer. however, the 29-year-old insists he is content with life at fiorentina. gomez says he would reject the chance of playing alongside the likes of Lionel messi and lionel messi.
Santi cazorla has been linked with a move to atletico madrid. 30-year-old midfielder says he is happy to stay at arsenal. but he admits that 'you never know what the future will bring'.
Pedro has started just 12 league games for barcelona this season. the 27-year-old has been linked with a move away from the nou camp. he insists it is only logical that there is talk of him leaving the club.
Ronny deila wants to keep manchester city defender Jason denayer on loan. the 19-year-old made his international debut against Israel on tuesday. denayer is due to spend pre-season with his parent club in a bid to prove himself.
Raymond billam, 40, claimed he was unable to walk more than a few metres. but investigators secretly filmed him taking to the pitch for Sunday league team. grandfather-of-four admitted benefit fraud and was sentenced to 26 weeks in prison.
arsenal beat burnley 1-0 at the emirates stadium on saturday. it was the gunners eighth win in a row in the premier league. chief executive Ivan gazidis says he is 'not happy' with second place. but he says the club will 'keep pushing' to see how far they can go.
Chelsea technical director michael emenalo travelled to spain on saturday. the 31-year-old has one year left on his contract at atletico madrid. he watched the defender during atletico's 2-2 draw with malaga.
former head of child safety at education Queensland charged with sex offences. Brett Anthony O'Connor, 52, has been free on bail since march. he was charged with sexually and indecently assaulting two 12-year-old boys at schools in Sydney more than 25 years ago. a magistrate has refused to ban the media from naming him during his trial.
Thibault courtois was exceptional as chelsea beat queens park rangers. his error allowed abel Hernandez to score in Chelsea's 3-2 win over hull on march 22. but the goalkeeper insists he has not lost any sleep over his errors. courtois says he never doubted himself during his indifferent form.
a handful of manchester city fans were ejected for allegedly mocking the Munich air disaster during the 4-2 derby defeat by manchester united. stewards threw out the group who were said to be attempting to taunt home supporters by making airplane wings in a sick reference to the 1958 tragedy. a total of 23 people perished after a plane carrying Matt busby's talented young side crashed during a take-off attempt from Munich.
Zarina diyas and Heather Watson were the seeded casualties on the first day of main-draw action at the family circle cup in Charleston. diyas won the first set against Czech qualifier Lucie Hradecka but was beaten 4-6 6-1 6-3. the other seeds in action, Irina-Camelia Begu and mona barthel, progressed in straight sets.
Stephen curry hit eight three-pointers as the golden state warriors beat the Portland trailblazers 116-105 on thursday night. he eclipsed his previous record of 272 made in a single season. lamarcus aldridge had 27 points and six rebounds for the trailblazers.
the bearded dragon lives with owner Shannen Hussein on her hobby farm. in a recent video the 21-year-old asks the reptile if she's hungry. the reptile responds with a definite nod of her head in agreement.
Lewis Hamilton was fastest in both practice sessions for the chinese grand prix. the mercedes driver is bidding to win his fourth Chinese grand prix. toto wolff said it was a 'wake-up call' for his team.
the council will now offer up to £200,000 to candidates, rather than the £160,000 enjoyed by former chief boss. he left in December after a council report said 1,400 children had suffered horrific sexual abuse over a 16-year period.
Reanne Evans faces 1997 world champion Ken doherty in her first qualifier. the 29-year-old from dudley would be the first woman to reach the finals. watch all the action below with our live video.
Novak djokovic beats andy murray 7-6 4-6 6-0 in the final of the miami open. the serbian world no 1 has now lost his last seven matches to the scot. the 27-year-old has now lost 10 out of 11 matches against the world no 1.
lebron james says he would pick himself for NBA MVP if he could. players are able to vote in the end-of-season awards for the first time. 'Guys are going to be able to recognise the guys they play against every night and what they do for their franchises,' he said.
the 20-year-old had been included in new head coach Pete Russell's 23-man party. but he sustained a shoulder injury during play-off series against everett. Stewart is replaced in the squad by Craig peacock of the Belfast Giants.
Stuart Armstrong joined Celtic from Dundee united during the January transfer window. the 23-year-old midfielder is hoping to win the scottish premiership next month. last year's cup final at parkhead was a 'disappointing end to a very enjoyable season'
David meyler was sent off for a hefty challenge on Kyle naughton on saturday. a scan on monday revealed the full back suffered ligament damage. naughton will miss the rest of the season with ankle ligament damage.
alkellock and Dougie hall are both retiring at the end of the season. the pair have played nearly 300 matches between them for the club. the match at Scotstoun is being billed as a tribute to them both.
the statue will be positioned on the recently opened Celtic way. it will represent a man who is synonymous with the club. the work on the statue will be carried out by sculptor John McKenna.
the defending champions beat the Houston Rockets 110-98 on tuesday. the win leaves the top three teams in the southwest division split by half a game. no 1 seed atlanta completed a season sweep of the nets 114-111.
Newcastle face liverpool at anfield on monday night in the premier league. it is their first outing since losing a fifth straight Tyne-Wear derby. manager John carver admits he may need to make changes.
Monaco midfielder geoffrey kondogbia has impressed liverpool scouts. the 22-year-old has impressed in europe and Ligue 1 this season. real madrid, manchester united, juve and paris st Germain were all keen.
Newcastle are in danger of being sucked into an unlikely relegation battle. head coach carver admits he does not know where their next point is coming from. there was a showdown meeting at the club's training ground this week.
gareth bale scored his 15th and 16th goals for his country against Israel. the winger scored his 20th for the season in all competitions. bale returns to real madrid training on the back of a vital double.
Real Sociedad are hopeful of signing burnley striker Danny ings. the 23-year-old's contract expires at the end of the season. liverpool, manchester city and manchester united have all shown interest. ings has also attracted interest from borussia monchengladbach.
atletico madrid take on real madrid in the champions league on tuesday. coach Diego simeone has been key to the la liga champions' success. striker Fernando Torres has praised the argentine's coaching style.
Lazio beat Empoli 4-0 at the Stadio Olimpico to go top of serie a. captain Stefano mauri opened the scoring before miroslav klose doubled lead. lazio are now 13 points behind Serie a leaders juve. napoli beat fiorentina 3-0 to retake fourth place.
Rory McIlroy is looking to complete a career grand slam at the masters. the 25-year-old is heavily favourite to win the coveted green jacket. only five men have won all four of golf's majors in the Masters era.
the wildcats are rooted to the foot of the table after eight consecutive defeats. the rout saw a hat-trick of tries by warrington's richie myler. coach james webster said he does not have enough players.
manchester city lost 2-0 to old enemy united at old trafford on sunday. city striker Sergio aguero scored his 100th goal for the club on saturday. the argentine scored in injury time to win the title in 2012.
former Rhinos prop Jamie peacock scored a try double for Leeds on sunday. the 37-year-old had not scored a try for almost 12 months. peacock's double was Leeds' fifth win in a row.
Mike brown hasn't played since the final round of the 6 nations on march 21. the full back was knocked out in a collision with italian Andrea Masi. conor o'Shea has revealed his concern at the increasing force of rugby's collisions.
manchester united beat manchester city 4-2 at old trafford. goals from Ashley young, marouane fellaini, Juan mata and christian smalling ensured victory for the red devils. united had lost their last four meetings with city.
Diego Costa limped off in Chelsea's 2-1 win over Stoke city on saturday. the striker has been struggling with a hamstring injury. he is likely to be fit to face arsenal at the emirates stadium on april 26.
manuel pellegrini could be out of a job at the end of the season. if he is, he will have left behind barely a trace at manchester city. the identity of the manager represents only a small part of the problem. some players think he is too nice and does not inspire with words. the squad is too old, too foreign and has not been improved by transfers.
manchester city lost 2-1 to crystal palace at the etihad on monday night. the defeat leaves city nine points adrift of the premier league top four. city's entire team cost less than half one of their substitutes.
everton defender John stones was on barcelona's defensive transfer list. the catalan club were desperate for reinforcements at the end of last season. stones signed a new £30,000-a-week five-year deal at goodison park until 2019.
Roberto Martinez has come in for criticism for trying to get his side to play out from the back despite results suffering recently. there were even suggestions the players had gone to him asking to play a more direct style but he has always stuck rigidly to his principles. 'the people who say that I am tactically not flexible are people who do not follow my work,' he said.
Romelu lukaku has had some big claims made about him by his agent. agent mino raiola said he would never have sanctioned lukaku's £28million move to everton if he had been his representative earlier. raiola hinted that everton are just a stepping stone for lukaku.
Harry Kane could miss this summer's under 21 european championship. the striker has been told he will travel to Malaysia for a friendly. the match will take place at the Shah alam stadium on wednesday, may 27.
everton beat southampton 1-0 at goodison park on saturday afternoon. captain Phil jagielka scored the only goal of the game in the 16th minute. midfielder james McCarthy said he thought barkley was 'different class'.
Kevin streelman won the par-three contest on a play-off with camilo Villegas. streelman became the latest player to be saddled with the 'curse' of the par-three champion, with no player ever becoming par-three and masters champion in the same year. the 11-year-old caddie Ethan couch has a benign but inoperable brain tumour.
Cesc Fabregas was caught in the face by Charlie Adam's flailing arm. the collision left the spaniard with a bloody nose and requiring treatment. the former barcelona midfielder also took a whack on his leg during the game.
former world no 1 spotted dancing on practice ground at augusta national. he had headphones in both ears as he honed his wedge game on Monday. woods will play in the traditional Masters warm-up for first time in 11 years.
Marc leishman has withdrawn from this year's tournament to be with his wife. chairman Billy payne has ruled out starting a women's Masters. bubba Watson was recently voted the most unpopular golfer on tour.
Chelsea are seven points clear at the top of the premier league table. the blues beat mark Hughes' side 2-1 at stamford bridge on saturday. midfielder willian wants his team-mates to continue in the same vein.
it's that time of the season when premier league footballers cast their vote for the PFA players' player of the year. it means we're almost certain to see a new name on the trophy come may. here, sportsmail runs you through the six leading contenders.
manchester united beat aston villa 3-1 at old trafford on saturday. ander Herrera and christian benteke scored the goals for united. but louis van gaal has piled pressure on manuel pellegrini's side. van gaal believes city may struggle to get to grips with being in fourth.
manchester united duo Marcos Rojo and angel di mari flew out to Portugal. the argentine defender sat next to his wife and daughter on a private plane. di maria came on for the last 20 minutes of united's 3-1 win over villa.
Philippe Coutinho says winning the FA cup would save their season. fifth-placed liverpool are seven points adrift of fourth with seven games left. the reds face a quarter-final replay at blackburn on wednesday night.
manchester united beat aston villa 3-1 at old trafford on saturday. ander Herrera opened the scoring for the red devils in the 43rd minute. christian benteke doubled villa's lead in the 80th minute with a superb strike. a stunning strike from Wayne rooney made it 2-0 on 79 minutes.
crystal palace beat manchester city 2-1 at selhurst park on monday night. 'Team pardew' would sit in eighth place, just five points behind Southampton. a team compiled with Newcastle and crystal palace's stats pre/post pardew would be sitting in 19th.
bafetimbi gomis tops this week's EA sports' performance index. the striker scored twice in Swansea's 3-1 win over Hull on saturday. gomis has scored four goals in his last six premier league games.
Brendan rodgers could recall £20m defender dejan lovren against blackburn in the FA cup quarter-final replay. the trip to ewood park comes in the wake of successive morale-sucking premier league defeats by manchester united and arsenal. reds lost 4-1 to the gunners at the emirates on saturday.
Darren Bent scored in stoppage time to rescue a 1-1 draw for Derby. Alex pritchard put Brentford ahead after 21 minutes with a stunning strike. but missed chances in the second half came back to haunt the Rams.
Saido Berahino has been linked with a move away from west brom. the 21-year-old has said he wants to play in the champions league. west brom were open to bids of £20million for the striker in January.
Leicester travel to west brom in the premier league on saturday. the foxes are bottom of the table and six points adrift of safety. boss Nigel Pearson insists they have no margin for error in relegation fight.
Barcelona drew 2-2 with sevilla at the santiago bernabeu on saturday. barcelona's Neymar was substituted with the score at 2-1 and 15 minutes to play. the Brazilian 'can't understand why he is subbed so much', according to reports in spain.
Troy deeney is hoping to lead watford to the premier league next season. the Hornets are currently just one point behind championship leaders Bournemouth with five games to play. deeney won the championship's player of the month award for march. deeney and strike partner Odion Ighalo have scored 39 league goals this season.
Jeremy peace has put the club up for sale for £150million. but peace will only sell it to a buyer who wants to invest heavily. west brom were thrashed by queens park rangers last weekend.
michael Owen believes arsenal target Raheem sterling is a better player than mesut ozil. the former liverpool man made the claim before arsenal's 4-1 defeat to liverpool at the Emirates on saturday. the bt sport pundit believes there should not be a debate about whether sterling is a better player than Ozil.
Robert lewandowski scored the winner on his first visit back to the club he left on a free transfer last summer. the Poland international scored the winner 10 minutes before half time. pep guardiola's side restored their 10-point lead at the top of the league.
arsenal midfielder santi cazorla tweets support for defender. defender broke his ankle during 1-1 draw with getafe on sunday. no recovery time has been set by the spanish club.
Bastian Schweinsteiger picked up an ankle injury in Bayern's 1-0 win over borussia Dortmund on saturday. the holding midfielder will miss their quarter-final against bayer leverkusen on Wednesday. the germany captain missed the opening four months of the season with a knee injury.
Bayern Munich travel to bayer leverkusen in the german cup quarter-final. manager pep guardiola has a number of injury concerns ahead of the game. the bavarians beat borussia Dortmund 1-0 on saturday.
manuel pellegrini says his academy players are not ready for the first team. city may look to cherry-pick youngsters from their top-flight rivals. premier league regulations require clubs to carry at least eight homegrown players, which can include youngsters who have spent three of their formative years at an english club. premier league chairman Greg Dyke is pushing for the figure to be raised to 12.
Gary Caldwell admitted his first taste of management was 'crazy' at 32 the youngest boss in the league, only replaced the axed malky mackay on Wednesday. a point lifted wigan above millwall, who they face on Tuesday, on goal difference but both teams are seven points adrift of safety.
Gary hooper came off the bench to score a dramatic stoppage-time winner as Norwich remained second in the championship. former Celtic striker's goal sparked jubilant scenes on the canaries bench. hooper had been a transfer target for former boss Neil lennon earlier in the season.
manchester united beat city 4-2 in the derby at old trafford on sunday. marouane young, marouane fellaini, juan mata and christian eriksen scored. 'i think they're getting so confident now,' says former manager.
england beat south africa 21-14 in the final of the sevens world series. the victory is their first title since the Wellington sevens in february 2013. the 22 points moved them onto 100 and into the fourth and final Olympic qualifying position available from the series.
Tracey is the sister of former england netball player Phil Neville. the 38-year-old has taken the team to the world cup in australia this summer. she was parachuted into the top job on an interim basis last month.
Wing's in manchester city centre is the go-to place for footballers. Wayne rooney, radamel falcao and sir alex ferguson have all dined there. the restaurant has been recommended in the mitchelin guide for eight years.
arsene wenger's side have won seven on the spin in the premier league. the gunners made their rivals look like relegation candidates on saturday. but this term they are simply the best of the ragged rest. they have pace, power, energy and invention in attack. but their failure to marry all of those components has cost them.
Rangers suffered their first defeat of new boss Stuart McCall's six-game reign. it was an especially flat display after recent victories over hearts and hibernian. the light blues remain behind the Easter road side in third place.
Jake drage sang a children's song as he left a west Java jail. he was jailed after a crash that killed a woman riding a motorcycle. the 23-year-old surfer said he cannot wait to get back in the water.
tennis champion Novak djokovic started shouting at his backroom team. the ball boy got caught up in the crossfire during the second set of the Miami open. djokovic grabbed a towel from the youngster during the tirade. the serbian issued an apology to the ball boy and his parents.
Issa Hayatou, president of the confederation of africa football, promised unanimous support in his speech to open CAF's annual congress in Cairo. 54 of the 209 FIFA member countries are eligible to vote in the presidential election in Zurich on may 29. prince Ali bin al-hussein of jordan, michael vanpraag, and former portugal international luis Figo are standing against him.
atletico madrid drew 2-2 with real sociedad in la liga on tuesday night. lionel messi opened the scoring with a header from a corner. aaron ramsey equalised for atletico with a deflected volley. Antoine Griezmann doubled the lead in the 10th minute.
Cristiano Ronaldo scored his 300th goal for real madrid in the 2-0 win at Rayo vallecano on wednesday. the 30-year-old becomes only the third player in real's history to achieve the feat. he has netted 161 of his goals at the Santiago Bernabeu and 61 between minutes 76 and 90. his most prolific season to date was 2011-12 with 60 goals.
former footballer's diabetes led to a clogged artery in the limb. doctors warned him it was 'touch and go' on whether the leg would be amputated. he was treated at king's college hospital in south east london. surgeons replaced the main artery in his left leg with a vein. he needed 112 staples to seal the horrific wound.
the 46-year-old works out three times a week with her long-term trainer. sessions include 20-25 minutes of spinning followed by 45 minutes of yoga. when she stays at a hotel, aniston takes 3.6kg weights with her.
incident occurred at Nottingham train station's multi-storey car park on march 14. unidentified man was seen trying to lift the exit barrier at the multi-storey car park. in the image he appears to grimace as he lifts the metal barrier on his shoulders.
real madrid drew 0-0 with rivals atletico madrid at the Vicente Calderon. gareth bale and james rodriguez failed to score in the first half. atletico goalkeeper Jan Oblak made a string of excellent saves.
take that star stopped by couple's wedding reception to sing 'a million love songs' bridesmaids had started twitter campaign to get the singer at wedding. barlow sent message saying he could not make the special day. but he secretly replied saying 'let's do this' - on condition they kept it secret.
Deanna Robinson, 38, was 38 weeks pregnant when she says she was struck at least three times in her back at her parents' home. she said deputies and state workers from child protective services were present to remove her 18-month-old son. they were investigating allegations of abuse or neglect following a fight between her and her husband.
south carolina mother-of-four Amanda peake.glover was a devoted youth ministry teacher and choir singer who'd only one month. before had completed the myrtle beach marathon with her brother. friends and family are all the more shocked at her sudden death following Saturday's race.
woods, 39, was pictured hugging his children Sam, 8, and Charlie, 6, during the second day of practice at the augusta national golf club, Georgia. the former world no 1 recently dropped out of the world's top 100 rankings for the first time since September 1996. the 14-time major winner has started just two events in 2015, shooting a career-worst score of 82 to miss the cut in the first.
atletico madrid and real madrid drew 0-0 in the first leg of their champions league quarter-final showdown at the Vicente Calderon. the tie will go to the second leg at the Santiago Bernabeu on wednesday. here, sportsmail rates the players in the first leg of the quarter-final.
Kieran lee scored the only goal for the home side in the 75th minute. andre gray's effort skimmed agonisingly past the post for the visitors. a mistake from Harlee Dean looked as though it had gifted Wednesday with a sure-fire goal.
TOWIE star Jake hall scored a vital goal for non-league side Boston united. the goal put a smile on the face of his on-screen girlfriend, chloe Lewis. TOWIE co-star james 'arg' argent was also in the crowd at york street. hall hit the headlines this week after reports he is dating Lindsay lohan.
despite high profile friendships with the likes of. James corden, Andy Murray and bride-to-be, also 27, haven't invited many big names. guests wishing them well in his hometown of. Dunblane will be largely a gathering of close family and friends.
dozhd TV, an independent network, fears video may fall foul of 'gay propaganda' laws. 'gay propaganda' laws allow heavy fines for promoting homosexuality. video features jared milrad and his fiancé, Nate Johnson, holding hands. they are also talking about their up-coming summer wedding.
cara Lee-fanus was rushed to hospital but died from a head injury the next day. doctors discovered bruises all over her body and burn marks on her head. her mother, 25-year-old Kirsty Lee, appeared at guildford magistrates' court. her ex-boyfriend, 35-year-old Alistair bowen, also appeared in court. the pair were jointly charged with causing or allowing the death of a child and causing or allowing serious physical harm to
richie benaud was laid to rest at a small private funeral in sydney's eastern suburbs on wednesday. the cricketing legend was farewelled by a group of just twelve people at a secret ceremony organised by his wife, daphne. despite an offer by the prime minister to hold a state funeral, daphne Benaud politely declined.'my understanding is that richie's own wishes was for something very,
Huddersfield drew 0-0 at home to Brighton in the championship on tuesday. the result ends a run of three successive defeats for the seagulls. but they are now without a goal from one of their own players for nine hours. Birmingham drew 2-2 at home to blackburn in the championship on tuesday.
the 44-year-old slipped and fell from hassans fall lookout at Lithgow. she was bushwalking with a male friend and her two children, aged 12 and 13. believed to have suffered serious head, spinal and chest injuries. airlifted to westmead hospital in Sydney where she remains in a stable condition.
the 19-year-old was in contention to play for the club's under 21s on Wednesday. however, it is understood he has succumbed to injury once again. it would be yet another blow to head coach John carver.
some 1,500 couples in britain have had babies using EmbryoScope technology. tiny camera, placed inside an incubator, films the reproduction process. allows parents to watch the moment the embryos form and divide. also allows experts to select best embryos based on how they form. narrows a mother’s chance of miscarrying and reduces miscarriage risk.
barcelona drew 2-2 with sevilla in la liga on saturday afternoon. lionel messi opened the scoring for barca with a superb free kick. but xavi was substituted with 20 minutes left and Neymar was furious. coach luis enrique has played down the petulant reaction of the forward. he said: 'as a coach I understand that all the players want to be on the pitch'
Dane Bouris, 33, appeared in waverley court on Tuesday charged with the alleged assault of his model girlfriend. he was arrested at his Watsons Bay home on the weekend for allegedly assaulting his girlfriend, Alexandra Dankwa. the 22-year-old is of european and african background, according to her modelling profile.
in a survey conducted by direct line, 2,005 adults in the uk were questioned on what common events make them feel stressed. not being able to sleep, losing your keys, and being stuck in traffic ranked as the top three emergencies.
the 38-year-old starred in the bbc comedy show Limmy's show. fans revolted after he uploaded the seven-second clip to his twitter. the three-inch house spider appears unharmed by its ordeal in his mouth.
rose devereux, 49, was left in agony after years of alleged incompetent treatment. pictures show her bottom row of teeth virtually destroyed by gum disease. she now faces a bill of £30,000 to get her smile back.
liverpool boss Brendan rodgers has insisted that the club will not sell sterling this summer, even if he fails to agree a new long-term contract. but that sort of promise isn't always kept, as we've seen with Luis suarez's move to barcelona in the past. here, sportsmail takes a look at five possible destinations for the 20-year-old.
Isaiah Jay brown scored twice as Chelsea beat shakhtar donetsk 3-2 in the UEFA youth team league final. the 18-year-old was a key player in the blues' 4-0 demolition of Roma on friday night. he sat amongst the substitutes on the bench for the match at loftus road. youngster Dominic solanke and brown took the plaudits for scoring the goals.
Serie a side inter are keen to sign manchester city midfielder Yaya toure. general director Marco Fassone fears the asking price and toure's wages could be too much for the italian giants. inter are also working on new deals for Mauro Icardi and Mateo Kovacic.
jared milrad and his fiancé, from illinois, featured in ad announcing Clinton's 2016 bid. the couple, who are planning a summer wedding, were seen walking hand in hand in what quickly became one of the most widely viewed political clips of the year. 'we were both out shopping, working on wedding invitations,' said milrad.
Kevin wimmer is a £4.4million target for a move to white hart lane. the 22-year-old has impressed the boss of his national team and scouts. he says it would be a 'dream' to join a top club like spurs.
sterling says he is not ready to sign a new £100,000-a-week deal at liverpool. former manchester united midfielder Scholes has advised him to stay. Scholes says sterling does not score enough goals and needs to play every week. sterling says he wants to win trophies throughout his career.
N'golo kante is attracting interest from a host of premier league clubs. arsenal, Newcastle united and Southampton have checked on the midfielder. caen would be willing to sell the 24-year-old for around £5million.
the 19-year-old is real madrid's first choice left-back next season. but both Chelsea and city are willing to pay the £13m buyout clause. gaya is a key player for third-placed la liga side, having played 27 league matches this season.
basketball star, dubbed king james, posted emotional farewell letter on friday. praised teenager for 'leadership', 'courage' and'strength' she had shown while suffering from Diffuse Intrinsic Pontine Glioma (DIPG) in letter, he wrote: 'your time spent on earth will never be forgotten'
the national bar association is calling for officer clarence habersham, 37, to be arrested for falsifying a report about the actions of shooter michael slager. habersham was the second officer to arrive at the dead man's body after shooter slager, 33. the call comes after slager, who has been fired from the north Charleston police and charged with murder last week, is thought to have falsified reports on the circumstances that led to the shooting.
the 41-year-old singer angered rocker with ambitious plans for the 46-room mansion, which was previously owned by director michael winner. he responded by withdrawing the blueprints but has now returned with a fresh set of plans.
bricks along the top of the former national city bank building collapsed and showered down onto the street and sidewalk just after 4 p.m. Monday but no one was injured. the building and minivan were unoccupied at the time of the collapse, and no injuries were reported.
mogi mirim announced on Tuesday that Edson Cholbi do Nascimento, known as Edinho, will be the team's coach in the second division of the Brazilian league this year. the 44-year-old former goalkeeper was one of the assistant coaches for Santos, the club where his father thrived in the 1960s. his dad is Brazilian legend Pele, who won three world cups in 1958, 1962 and 1970.
Hamburg have appointed Bruno labbadia as their new coach with immediate effect. the 49-year-old returns to the club for a second spell after one season in 2009-10. despite speculation about a pending deal with former mainz coach Thomas tuchel, Hamburg said they had agreed on a 15-month contract with labbadia.
child was outside shops in whitehawk, east sussex, when dog attacked her. police say girl suffered a single puncture wound to her upper lip.
Newcastle lost 2-0 to liverpool at anfield on monday night. the result did little to ease fears they could yet be sucked into relegation trouble. manager John carver insists his side have 'got six cup finals' left to play.
Erica Leeder, 26, has been charged with assaulting a police officer. the mother of three allegedly squirted breast milk at a female police officer during a strip search. she faces up to 18 months in jail and could face a prison sentence.
Siem de Jong has started just one premier league game this season. the £6million summer signing suffered a collapsed lung in february. de Jong returned to training earlier this month and will feature for reserves.
Miracle godson jumped into deep waters at east quarry in appley bridge. the 13-year-old failed to surface and friends desperately tried to save him. his lifeless body was found by police divers at about 5pm that day.
SPFL clubs are poised to do battle over a late hibernian move to cash in on the premiership play-offs. play-off sides must hand over 50 per cent of their play-off profits for distribution among lower league clubs within seven days. the issue will go to the vote at the SPFL AGM next Thursday.
aljaz bedene secured a british passport last month. the 26-year-old is currently ranked 99 in the world. he could make his debut as a british player at the new aEGON Manchester trophy, a grass-court challenger event which starts on may 31.
Lewis Hamilton will start on pole ahead of Nico Rosberg and Sebastian Vettel. mercedes team-mate nico rosberg will start second ahead of ferrari's fernando alonso. kimi raikkonen will start second ahead of valtteri bottas and kimi raikkonen.
Jordan Spieth is four shots clear at the top of the leaderboard. he is paired with england's Justin rose ahead of Phil Mickelson and charley Hoffman, who will tee off ten minutes earlier at 19.40 (bst) there is one all-english pairing, as Paul casey and Ian poulter, 11 and 12 shots back respectively, tee off at 19.00.
Novak djokovic lost his cool during second set of Miami open final. world no 1 shouted at his backroom team after losing to Andy murray. djokovic snatched a towel from a ball boy caught in the crossfire. world no 1 extended his apology to the boy's parents.
AP McCoy rode to victory in the Melling Chase at aintree on friday. he will ride Shutthefrontdoor in the Crabbie's Grand National on saturday. the last time he won the race was on Alberta's Run in 2010.
the reigning champion has now claimed a record five pole positions at the track. the 30-year-old finished just 0.042secs ahead of his Mercedes team-mate Nico Rosberg to give the team another front-row lock out. Ferrari's Sebastian Vettel will start third, albeit down by nine tenths of a second on Hamilton. all 10 drivers are out for their final runs and they're all on fresh tyres.
Daniel ricciardo has urged his red bull team to go back to basics. the red bull team have struggled at the start of the 2015 season. ricciardo finished third in practice ahead of this weekend's grand prix.
Jonathan Trott last played a test for his country in November 2013. he withdrew from the disastrous ashes tour with a stress-related illness. but his much-anticipated return was over before it had begun. the warwickshire batsman was caught at first slip by jerome Taylor.
england and west indies paid respects to richie benaud before play began. both teams stood either side of the pitch for a minute's silence. the two ends of the sir vivian Richards stadium were renamed in honour of Sir Curtly ambrose and sir Andy Roberts.
Jonathan brownlee won the gold coast triathlon in the ITU world series. the 24-year-old backed up his win in Auckland a fortnight ago.
Manchester thunder filmed a lip-sync version of 'is this the way to amarillo' the video features their own players and coaches. it also features several soap stars and english women's footballers.
former manchester city goalkeeper costel pantalimon was booed off the pitch after 4-0 defeat to aston villa four weeks ago. the 28-year-old admits there has been a mood change under new boss Dick Advocaat. sunderland travel to crystal palace in the premier league on saturday.
Celtic drew 1-1 with third-placed inverness caley thistle on saturday. leigh Griffiths opened the scoring for the visitors in the third minute. but the scotland international's strike was cancelled out by edward ofere.
Ian bell scored 143 on the first day of the first test against west indies. the 33-year-old was dropped during his last visit to the caribbean in 2009. bell said he deserved to be dropped at the time and wanted to make this one count.
Stuart Armstrong has backed under-fire boss Jackie McNamara to turn around his troubled season at tannadice. the midfielder sold prize assets Armstrong and Gary mackay-steven to Celtic for £2million on transfer deadline day. united have won just once since McNamara took over at the club.
Kevin mirallas was one of everton’s top performers in the first half of the campaign. but his form has tailed off following a number of hamstring injuries. it was mooted at one point that mirallas and Aaron lennon could be part of a swap deal.
Celtic drew 2-2 with inverness caledonian thistle in the scottish cup. leigh Griffiths gave the visitors the lead in the third minute. but a late goal from Edward ofere equalised for the visitors.
Rangers kept the pressure on hibernian in the race for second spot. the win means Rangers and hibs remain level on 61 points. hibs had secured a win over hearts in the earlier kick-off.
Rangers beat Raith 4-0 at the etihad stadium on saturday afternoon. two goals from Nicky law and one each from Nicky Clark and Haris Vuckic sealed victory. Stuart McCall has warned his players to be on their guard against livingston.
moussa sissoko was sent off for a second bookable offence at anfield. the 25-year-old lunged in and caught liverpool midfielder Lucas. he could easily have been shown a straight red, according to manager John carver.
redknapp branded the situation at QPR a ‘soap opera’. others, including Joey barton, blame redknapp’s recruitment in the summer transfer window and poor work on the training ground. but midfielder Sandro said that redknapp should not shoulder all the blame.
Jordan Henderson played his 47th game of season in the 2-0 win over Newcastle. he equalled the record for appearances by any player in the top five european leagues so far this campaign. the midfielder believes his side can pile the pressure on manchester city.
Chelsea's under 19s beat shakhtar donetsk 3-2 in the UEFA youth league final. the blues are the defending champions and holders of the FA youth cup. but how many of these talented tyros will graduate to the first-team.
a new role has been opened after Paul downton lost his job as the ewcb's managing director of cricket on Wednesday. the job title has also been scrapped with the ECB keen to have downton's replacement focus solely on performances, rather than administration duties. ashes 2005 winning skipper Vaughan is among the early frontrunners.
downton sacked as managing director of the english cricket board. the move comes a day ahead of an ECB board meeting. downton replaced hugh Morris in the aftermath of the ashes whitewash.
UEFA youth league was created by UEFA to enable up-and-coming players in Europe's leading academies to gain valuable experience of playing in continental competition. the group phase runs in parallel with its big brother, with the same 32 teams in the Champions League matched in the same groups. the semi-finals and final will be played at the same place over the course of the course of one weekend. the final will kick-off at 3pm UK time and the match is live on British Eurosport
the two major cobbled classics - the tour of flanders and Paris-Roubaix - loom large over the next two weekends. the shift in emphasis has already paid dividends in the early part of the season. team sky's focus on the Grand Tours up to now has left them short of riders equipped to win classics.
David Ospina has a win ratio of 91.7 per cent in the premier league. former arsenal goalkeeper has won 11 of his 12 games in the league. former manchester city defender Stefan Savic is second on the list.
players endured rainy spells during their practice on tuesday. the typically warm and humid Georgia weather is set to be unsettled by a cold front heading into augusta for the weekend. a cold front is likely to bring more showers and thunderstorms, especially on Friday and Saturday.
the first major of the year, the masters, is almost here. past Masters champions Nick faldo and charl schwartzel give the low-down. click on the graphic below to get a closer look at what the biggest names in the game will face.
downton was brave enough to make huge decisions in his first 14 months as managing director of the england and wcb. the jury is still out on all of them at a time when the clamour for change has grown louder. it was downton who made the big call to sack Kevin pietersen and reappoint Peter Moores as england coach.
Dikembe mutombo was elected to the Naismith Memorial basketball hall of fame on monday. Mutombo was a shot-blocking Congolese centre famous for swatting away opponents' shots and wagging his finger at them. he was a four-times NBA defensive player of the year and led the league in blocked shots for five straight seasons.
the northern irishman will be joined over the first two rounds by three-time masters champion Phil Mickelson and another mercurial american in Ryan Moore. all eyes will be on Tiger woods among the later starters. the four-time green jacket winner returns to action for the first time since February alongside two stars of last year's Ryder cup at Gleneagles, Jamie Donaldson and Jimmy Walker.
Cesc Fabregas scored the only goal of the game in the 88th minute. the win moved jose mourinho's side seven points clear at the top. didier drogba said: 'we showed great mentality and never gave up'
Brook Lopez scored 32 points as the nets beat the Portland trailblazers. deron Williams added 24 points and 10 assists for the nets. the nets closed in on a play-off spot in the eastern conference.
manchester city lost 2-1 to crystal palace in the premier league on monday. manuel pellegrini's side are nine points behind leaders chelsea. ex-manchester united defender Gary Neville said city have a'mentality problem'.
atletico madrid take on real madrid in the champions league on tuesday. manager Diego simeone is the reason behind atletico's recent success. former chelsea midfielder has hailed his manager's character. atletico have not lost to real in six meetings since the 2014 final.
Jolyon Palmer will drive in every practice session for Lotus this season. the 24-year-old wants to prove himself worthy of a place in f1 next year. the british driver was only 0.6secs behind team-mate pastor maldonado at the end of FP1 in china.
Kawhi Leonard scored 26 points as the spurs beat the golden state warriors. the win ended the Warriors' 12-game winning streak and extended their own to seven straight. the win also extended the Spurs' home winning streak over the Warriors to 32 straight.
Jordan spieth believes he is better equipped to win the masters. the 21-year-old threw away a two-shot lead after seven holes last year. he was the first player to win on their tournament debut since 1979.
real madrid face local rivals atletico in the champions league quarter-final. the reigning champions have failed to beat their neighbours in six attempts. but Marcelo says it will not affect the outcome of the tie at Vicente Calderon.
Al Horford and demarre Carroll scored 20 points each as the Atlanta Hawks beat the Brooklyn nets 131-99 on saturday night. however, the Hawks lost forward Paul millsap to a shoulder injury in the first half. millsap did not return and finished with eight points and five assists.
Roberto Carlos is targeting becoming the manager of brazil. the 42-year-old won the 2002 world cup in japan and south Korea. he has already worked on the sidelines in turkey with sivasspor and akhisar belediyespor.
south vs north - we've assembled two dream teams. one featuring players from the premier league clubs in the south. the other featuring players from the north of england. football manager simulated the match to see who came out on top.
barcelona face paris saint-germain in the champions league on wednesday. the first leg of the quarter-final will take place at the parc des princes. defender Adriano warned his team-mates they must be at their absolute best if they are to overcome the french giants' star-studded squad.
atletico madrid host real madrid in the champions league on tuesday. real have lost four and drawn two of their six derbies this season. atletico won the champions league with a set-piece in last season's final. atletico are unbeaten in six derbies this term and dumped real out of the copa del rey.
PSG host barcelona in the champions league on wednesday night. the french giants are known to be rivals when it comes to football. but french playmaker has singled out fellow south american Lionel messi.
PSG face barcelona in the champions league quarter-final. french champions can unleash front three of Messi, suarez and neymar. defender says home leg at parc des princes will be pivotal.
talks have been ongoing for over a month after french side Lille cut their ties with royal mouscron-peruwelz. Chelsea have been looking for alternatives to Vitesse arnhem. mouscron are 13th in the Belgian league and a deal is expected to advance over the next fortnight.
Medhi benatia suffered a muscle injury against bayer leverkusen. the 27-year-old could miss both legs of Bayern's champions league quarter-final against porto. benatia tweeted that he will be out for between 'two and four weeks'.
Zlatan Ibrahimovic opened the scoring from the penalty spot after sebastien squillaci was sent off for bastia. substitute edinson cavani doubled the lead just before halftime. cavani added more luster to the win with a fine header and a cool finish at the end of a counterattack.
fikile mbalula met with the chairman of the ethics committee's investigatory chamber, cornel borely, in Zurich this week to seek clarity on the status of the long-awaited report. FIFA said as far back as 2011 that it had strong suspicions that some of the south africa national team's warm-up games were fixed.
unnamed player offered money if he followed a 'pre-decided pattern of play' player immediately reported the incident to the Indian cricket board's anti-corruption unit.
Stuart McCall admits he was wowed by the club's £12million training facility. former motherwell boss replaced Kenny McDowall at Ibrox. he led his side to three successive wins during his first few weeks in charge.
handball star Nikola Karabatic will stand trial for fraud. he is accused of betting on the result of a match in which their Montpellier club, which had already secured the title, lost to a struggling team. other former or current Montpellier players including Mladen bojinovic, Samuel Honrubia, dragan gagic, primoz prost, Issam Tej and Mickael Robin will also be tried.
Stuart McCall has spoken to Bilel mohsni about his discipline. the defender picked up a booking for reacting to queen of the south fans. 'we can't afford silly bookings,' insists the ibrox boss.
the final of the european challenge cup is now tantalisingly within reach. only Newport Gwent Dragons stand in their way in a tough semi-final. winger visser signed a two-year deal with harlequins this month.
queen of the south beat rangers 3-0 at Palmerston park on saturday. striker Derek Lyle opened the scoring before a Lewis kidd own goal doubled the lead. a late gavin Reilly own goal dented the second-place side's hopes.
alastair kellock will retire from active service at the end of the season. the 33-year-old will take up a new role with the sru. he has made over 200 appearances for both club and country.
Aaron Wilbraham scored the only goal of the game in the 63rd minute at deepdale. swindon's win over Peterborough means they will have to wait until Tuesday to finish the job of returning to the championship. a six-minute rendition of 'f*** off swindon, you are staying down' rang out of the gleeful away end at deepdale.
manchester united are monitoring the situation at paris saint-germain. the 28-year-old striker was furious about being taken off against Marseille. his agent claims a move to the premier league is most likely.
new indie music was first piped into the cabin a few months ago. features rockers such as the xx, Haim, Phantogram and hozier. many have taken to twitter to share their approval of the playlists.
Gregory van der wiel says he's not interested in leaving paris saint-germain. the full back had a recent spat with manager Laurent blanc. van der wiel was dropped for the champions league clash against chelsea.
Jordon Ibe posted a video on instagram of him performing the'moonwalk' the 19-year-old is currently out with a knee injury. but he is expected to return in the next few weeks.
Kerry Hamilton, 34, had stomach cramps, bleeding and irregular periods. she flew to south africa in 2009 to volunteer at a lion research centre. a week before she was due to fly home she fell violently ill with stomach cramps. she spent seven days in hospital where a local doctor told her she was suffering with a cyst on her ovaries that had burst. she was finally diagnosed with leiomyosarcoma, a rare cancer of the soft tissue normally found
Brendan rodgers insists recent defeats are down to his players' own failings. the reds have lost ground in the race for the champions league places. rodgers' 3-4-2-1 formation helped produce a 13-match unbeaten run. click here for more liverpool news.
Riff lets you film videos and upload them to facebook and the app. friends and strangers can then film relevant clips and attach them to the end of your video to create a collaborative project. individual clips can be reported for inappropriate content.
xabi alonso fell over during 'rondo' passing drill in training. pep guardiola's side have returned to the top of the bundesliga. the germans beat borussia dortmund 2-0 on saturday.
Samir Nasri dined out in London with girlfriend anara atanes on Tuesday night. the pair dined at hakkasan, an award-winning Michelin star restaurant. manchester city are nine points behind premier league leaders Chelsea.
ander Herrera says he bares his forename and surname on the back of shirt. the 25-year-old joined manchester united for £29million last summer. Herrera reached the copa del rey and the Europa league finals in his debut season at Bilbao in 2011-12.
LeBron delivered his first triple-double for his Cleveland Cavaliers as they won a 50th game of the season on sunday. the 11-time all star brushed off rough treatment from the bulls by saying it's the sort of thing NBA stars should expect come this stage of the season. 'back at the dentist and I'm hearing a bunch of drilling going on behind me from my docs so I had to sit up like, "what the heck is going on back there?" hahaha
the state of california's 162,000 inmates serve their time in Level IV maximum-security facilities. it is estimated as much as 97 per cent are gang affiliated. the CDC has seen a dramatic increase in requests from inmates seeking special protection for dropping out of prison gangs. the units provide a safer environment, free from gang activity, and the transition out of gang membership is dramatic.
college student spotted the car on the streets of mississauga, canada. he followed it in his own vehicle to get the all-important'selfie'
Kevin Davies injured his hand while operating a chainsaw on Tuesday. the 38-year-old tweeted a picture of the damage with the caption: 'Chainsaw 2 kd 0' it's the second time in less than two months that the striker has been injured.
england bowled out st kitts for just 59 on first day of two-day tour match. they declared with a mammoth 379 for six declared on day two. then they capitulated and finished on 76 for seven, narrowly avoiding a hollow victory. england may have spent time in the middle but it is questionable why they even bother.
Danny welbeck was spotted arriving at the Manchester arena on monday night ahead of the pop star's concert. the gunners forward was joined by team-mates Alberto moreno and mamadou sakho at the concert. defender Jose enrique took to Instagram to share a few snaps from the night out.
defender Marcos rojo posed for a picture with family and friends in portugal. he went away during a week off for his club side, pictured with team-mate angel di maria on the plane after united's 3-1 victory over aston villa on saturday. fitness instructor Sarah Watson claims rojo and his advisors tried to frame her for blackmail after she enjoyed a brief liaison with the star following a night out.
Jack Wilshere played 90 minutes for the under 21 side against Stoke city. the midfielder has been out of action since he injured his ankle in the loss to manchester united back in November. he has set his sights on the FA cup semi-final with reading and the premier league clash with manchester united.
Roy Keane denies committing a public order offence in alleged road-rage incident. former manchester united captain will stand trial in June. he is accused of causing harassment, alarm or distress to cabbie fateh kerar.
Brendan rodgers set his side the objective of winning a trophy and finishing inside the top four of the premier league. the reds host blackburn in the fourth round of the fa cup on wednesday night. rodgers would not go so far as to say the FA cup could save this campaign for his side. 'our objective at the start, though, was to win a trophy, so if we didn’t get in the top four and we didn’t have a trophy this
Cristiano Ronaldo scored five goals as real madrid thrashed granada 9-1. the world player of the year took to twitter to share his celebrations. he posed with a bike and encouraged his followers to get fit.
south Korean defender appeared to stamp on opponent's face in japan's J-League. he was allegedly jostled by 11th-placed Kashima antlers player mu Kanazaki. furious fans have demanded the expulsion of the 23-year-old.
Christian Benteke scored a hat-trick as aston villa drew 3-3 with queens park rangers at villa park. the striker's treble was his first in two years as villa edged clear of the bottom three. manager Tim sherwood said that the striker can fire villa to safety.
Chelsea extended their lead at the top of the barclays premier league with a 2-1 win over Stoke city on saturday. but it didn't come without cost for midfielder Cesc Fabregas. the spaniard was left bloodied after being caught in the face by a flailing arm following a tussle with Adam. the collision left the 27-year-old with a bloody nose and requiring treatment.
two-time grand national winner appears to jump over a speeding car. the horse barely clears the car's roof before landing and galloping away. paddy power is gearing up for the big race at aintree on saturday.
ex-england star's diabetes led to a clogged artery in the limb. doctors warned him it was 'touch and go' on whether it would have to be amputated. surgeons replaced the main artery in his left leg with a vein and needed 112 staples to seal the horrific wound.
Christian benteke opened the scoring for queens park rangers after 33 minutes. winger matt Phillips doubled the visitors' lead in the seventh minute. benteke then scored his seventh premier league goal of the season. the argentine then added a second after the break to make it 3-1.
the 36-year-old has started just five games for queens park rangers this season. he started the first seven games of the premier league campaign. but he has been unable to hold down his place in the side.
didier drogba was spotted on his mobile phone in the capital on Tuesday afternoon. the 37-year-old looked cool in a pair of dark shades and a black baseball cap. drogba replaced Diego Costa during the second half of Chelsea's 2-1 win over Stoke on saturday.
crystal palace beat champions manchester city 2-1 at the etihad on saturday. co-chairman Steve parish posed for a picture with manager Alan pardew, england boss Roy hodgson and bill wyman. parish described it as a 'great moment' after the game.
QPR drew 3-3 with aston villa at villa park on tuesday night. winger Matt Phillips now has seven assists in 2015. he is second behind only barcelona's Lionel messi in the epl. wolfsburg midfielder Kevin de bruyne has 17 assists in the bundesliga.
Alex Iwobi scored a hat-trick as arsenal beat Stoke 4-1 in the u21 premier league at the Emirates. midfielder jack wilshere completed 90 minutes for the gunners with a serious ankle injury. wilshere is pushing for a return to arsene wenger's first team before the end of the campaign.
Franck Ribery worked under louis van gaal at bayern munich. the french winger claims van gaal lost the players' trust. he also claims real madrid tried to sign him in 2009.
the 2013/14 season was a step forward for the north london side. but they still finished fourth in the premier league. they are now flying in the league and beat liverpool 4-1 on saturday. but they still have exactly the same record as they did last season.
Christian Benteke scored a hat-trick as aston villa drew 3-3 with QPR. former tottenham boss tim sherwood was on the touchline at villa park. he launched his jacket to the ground in celebration and bawled at the linesman. sherwood also gave a hug to mascot hercules the lion.
an ESPN.com survey of 103 tour professionals anonymously answered questions on a wide range of topics. defending champion got double the number of responses (22.6 per cent) of second-place finisher Patrick Reed (11 per cent), with Rory Sabbatini third and Robert Allenby fourth. 'if it's a bad thing and people don't like me, then I've got to improve and prove them wrong,' said Watson.
there was adrenaline, action, twists and turns as they went toe to toe at villa park. their teams’ premier league statuses were not decided on Tuesday night. it felt like a sliding-doors moment that directed their paths.
Leeds rhinos have sent full back Zak hardaker on an anger management course. a student was left with two black eyes and bruising during a violent incident. hardaker was at the centre of a police assault probe into an attack on a 22-year-old man at student flats in Leeds.
Jenson Button and team-mate fernando alonso retired during the race at the Sepang international circuit. but the duo at least discovered the car was competitive alongside other midfield runners. 'to be able to race other cars, and see the red bulls until a long way into the race, was good,' said Button.
Christian Benteke scored a hat-trick as aston villa drew 2-2 with QPR. former striker Stan collymore was in the press box at villa park. the former striker has been a talkSPORT commentator since 2008.
Carlos Colina, 32, is being held on $1 million bail after pleading not guilty to aggravated assault and battery and improper disposal of a human body. the remains of Jonathan camilien, 26, including a torso and limbs, were found in a duffel bag near the campus of Massachusetts institute of technology on Saturday. his severed head was found in Colina's apartment block's recycling bin. police reports and witness accounts show Colina had intimidated fellow gym users and even fought
liverpool face blackburn in the fourth round of the fa cup on tuesday. the tie will be replayed at anfield after the reds lost to blackburn. it is the club's last chance of silverware after a disappointing season. manager Brendan rodgers insists the cup is not a'saviour'.
arsenal midfielder Jack Wilshere has been linked with a move to manchester city. the 23-year-old has been out of action since injuring his ankle against manchester united in November. he has picked up 24 injuries during his seven-year professional career. click here for more arsenal transfer news.
the derby between manchester city and manchester united is one of the biggest match-ups in world football. not many united fans pine for the days when Martin Edwards, son of a salford butcher, ruled the roost at old trafford. sheikh mansour is a hugely popular figure at city after bankrolling the club.
Harry Kane has been nominated for the players' player of the year award. west brom midfielder youssouf Mulumbu has also picked Eden Hazard for the young player of the year prize. the DR Congo international posted a picture of his voting slip to twitter.
the image was taken at Sebastian Inlet state park near vero beach by John Bailey. Bailey told the station the bobcat collected the shark after entering the water. however, the bobcat might have been scared by his presence, since it scampered off toward the woods and let go of its find.
alleged leaked images of next season's kits have been posted online. images suggest that united's away kit will be white and the third black. adidas will supply the club's kits for 10 years starting in 2015-16.
french midfielder geoffrey kondogbia is a target for liverpool. the 22-year-old has made over 100 league appearances for monaco. he scored in the first leg of the champions league last-16 tie against arsenal.
english cricket has 'lost touch with basic idea that the national team belongs to us all', says Wisden editor Lawrence booth. english cricket lost eight full series out of all across formats in 2014. Booth also criticises decision to sack alastair cook as odi captain on drink of what turned out to be most disastrous world cup in english history.
left-back posted a screengrab of a text message conversation on his account. his mother thanked him for wiping 'all my debt away' it is not the first time that he has acted out of the kindness of his heart.
manchester united have turned down offers from Asia and australia. the trip will last in the region of 12 days – a whole week shorter than last summer. united will operate out of one base in america and travel to their games from there. the club have agreed once again to rake part in the International Champions cup that they won last summer by beating Liverpool in a final in Miami.
Stuart broad slipped during his first over of the day at Warner park. the crease was damp following over night rain, causing the fall. the bowler required lengthy treatment before he left the field.
Christian Benteke scored a hat-trick as aston villa drew 3-3 with QPR. it moved Belgium into third place for premier league goals this term. the treble accounted for 46th, 47th and 48th goals scored by belgians.
pep guardiola's contract at bayern munich expires in the summer of 2016. chairman Karl-heinz rummenigge revealed talks will take place this summer. board member Jan-Christian dreesen says money will not be a factor.
Phil jagielka visited Chaophraya restaurant in Liverpool for a cookery lesson. the toffees have been sponsored by Thai beverage Chang beer for over 11 years. jagielka scored the winner in everton's 1-0 win against Southampton.
FC Chernomorets Odessa are struggling financially due to a lack of funding and sponsorship. the consequences of their monetary plight has forced the club to sell their best players. those still at the club are being offered luxury houses by the sea.
Robin van persie has missed manchester united's last six games. striker tweeted that he was 'happy to be fit and able to play again' van persie has scored just 10 goals this term for united.
Ander Herrera and Juan mata have been in scintillating form in recent games. mata bagged a brace in united's 2-1 win against liverpool in may. ander Herrera scored a brace against aston villa on saturday.
Cesc Fabregas will wear a special protective face mask for Chelsea. the 27-year-old broke his nose during the win over Stoke city on saturday. the mask was made by the ortholabsport, an orthopedic centre in Milan. it was branded with Fabregas's initial and squad number 'c4'.
lazio beat holders napoli 1-0 to reach the coppa italia final. substitute senad lullic scored the only goal of the game late on. lazio will face juventus in the final.
Cristiano Ronaldo scored the 300th goal of his real madrid career against Rayo Vallecano on wednesday night. the portuguese forward became the third player in the club's history to reach the landmark alongside Alfredo di Stefano and Raul. the three-time ballon d'or winner joined the 300 club in just 288 appearances.
manchester city goalkeeper, Harry Dowd, has died aged 76. Dowd was a member of the side who beat Leicester city 1-0 at wembley in 1969. the salford-born keeper played 181 games in nine years at city.
Newcastle fans are planning to boycott the club's next home game against Tottenham. a social media campaign has been launched for the match on sunday, April 19. supporters who don't want to turn their back on the players have been encouraged to take part in demonstrations held both before and after the game.
the 64metre mural was unveiled at the club's academy stadium on wednesday. stars including captain Vincent Kompany and gael Clichy helped youngsters add the finishing touches to the design. the mural has been inspired by young city fans around the world to reflect the positive influence that the game has brought to their lives.
blackburn drew 2-2 with liverpool in the fa cup quarter-final second leg. goalkeeper Simon eastwood had a last-gasp chance to force extra-time. but his shot was saved by reds goalkeeper Simon mignolet.
Steven Gerrard could feature in the FA cup final at wembley on his 35th birthday. the midfielder was suspended for the quarter-final replay following his red card against manchester united on march 22. yet Philippe Coutinho came to the rescue for liverpool by scoring the game's only goal at Ewood park.
Ernest goult, 72, is accused of making the gesture at a game in November. three black players are expected to give evidence at the trial. a police officer will also be giving evidence and the prosecution will produce CCTV footage.
restaurant owner attacked by would-be rapist as she was closing shop. let the man into the eatery when he knocked on the door and asked to use the toilet. she used her martial arts skills to overpower him and pin him to the ground.
Paul downton has been sacked as managing director of the ECB. downton was sacked following england's shameful performance at the world cup. former captain michael Vaughan immediately threw his hat in the ring.
Jack Nicklaus hit a hole in one on the fourth hole at augusta national. the 75-year-old's ace was his first on the hallowed turf of augusta. the golden bear was playing alongside Gary player and Ben crenshaw.
Liverpool beat blackburn 1-0 to reach the FA cup semi-finals. captain Jordan Henderson provided the assist for the winner. the 25-year-old had not slept the night before the game. his partner beccy gave birth to their second daughter, alba.
blackburn came close to levelling matters when goalkeeper Simon eastwood was denied in stoppage time. sportsmail's Oliver Todd rated the player's performances at Ewood park.
Luis suarez was clearly Liverpool's player of the season last season. the striker scored 31 goals for the reds but they didn't win the title. but there are no obvious contenders for the award this season.
Mamadou Sakho limped off in liverpool's 1-0 FA cup sixth round replay win over blackburn. french defender was limping heavily and clutching his hamstring after a clearance on the edge of his own penalty area. he was replaced by Kolo toure, who partnered dejan lovren in a threadbare four-man defence with Emre can and Martin Skrtel already unavailable.
hector bellerin has impressed in the absence of mathieu debuchy this season. the spaniard scored his second premier league goal against liverpool. bellerin beat theo walcott's 40 metre club sprint record last summer. the 26-year-old has gone on to establish himself as a star player.
Ronaldo appeared to be unfairly cautioned by the referee after he was chopped down by defender Antonio Amaya inside the box. the decision means Ronaldo is suspended for the game against Eibar in la Liga on Saturday. real madrid boss Carlo ancelotti wants the yellow card shown to his star forward rescinded.
Thiago alcantara kicked into the chest of bayer leverkusen's Stefan kiessling. the penalty went unpunished as the game headed for extra time. kiessling was taken off shortly after the incident as the game headed for half time.
the 100 tonne crane barge is being used to lift shopping trolleys and even cars that have been dumped at the bottom of the river. the Canal and River trust in bath are carrying out the dredging operation which is costing £20,000. the objects were identified by the environment agency during a recent survey of flood defences in bath.
Celtic retain their seven-point lead at the top of the scottish premiership. thistle midfielder James Craigen was shown a straight red card for a 'last man' challenge on thistle midfielder Stuart Armstrong. a Kris commons penalty before the break gave Celtic the lead. midfielder Stefan Johansen added a second in the 63rd minute.
two college students have been charged in connection to an alleged rape on a florida beach during spring break. the alleged victim told deputies she thought she had been drugged before the incident and that she was afraid to report it because she could not remember many details. the alleged victim told deputies she thought she had been drugged before the incident and that she was afraid to report it because she could not remember many details.
Nina moric, 38, appeared in the video for Ricky Martin's hit song la Vida loco. italian media claimed she tried to take her own life over the weekend. she told her fans she was treated in hospital due to 'low blood pressure'
the ferocious feline was chasing what was sure to be dinner when it slipped on the icy surface. as the bird flew upwards the tiger reared up forcing the mammal to try and stop dead in its tracks. the hilarious moment took place at the Hengdaohezi siberian tiger park in northeast china.
layton ndukwu's spot-kick gave the home side the lead with 20 minutes to go at the King power stadium. substitutes Isaac Buckley and Brandon barker struck to kill that dream off and set up a final against Chelsea later this month. city will face Chelsea in the first leg on April 20 before travelling to stamford bridge a week later on April 27.
defender was accused of racially abusing then-qpr defender Anton Ferdinand. capello resigned as the manager of the national side in february 2012. he believes Terry should have kept his captaincy under presumption of innocence until guilt is proven.
storms swamped Indianapolis, Cincinnati and Charleston, west Virginia, at midday Wednesday and forecasters said a significant tornado or two could form. forecasters stressed that a significant tornado or two could form in a narrow stretch from northern Oklahoma to central Missouri. fewer than 1 million people were in. Wednesday's'moderate risk' area between Wichita, Kansas, and. Jefferson city, Missouri, but 34 million were under at least a slight risk of seeing damaging winds, large hail and possibly
burnell 'bernie' Mitchell held on suspicion of conspiracy to murder. 61-year-old also held on suspicion of preparing and instigating acts of terrorism. his sister is the lead singer of the 1970s band boney M.
the 20-year-old pounced on a ball that ricocheted off defender Mario Osuna in the 49th minute. Juan Agudelo replaced Morris in the 65th minute and scored seven minutes later. it was the third international goal for Agudelo and his first since march 2011.
Ricky hatton's former trainer has been charged with sexual assault. Bob Shannon, 59, helped prepare hatton for his comeback fight against vyacheslav senchenko in 2012. Shannon's stable includes hatton's brother, matthew, and fighters who have won British and european titles.
alain Robert scaled the 1,007ft cayan tower without a safety harness. the 52-year-old free-climber took an hour and a half to complete the climb. he has previously been arrested, imprisoned and banned from locations across the world for illegal ascent.
new book by author has revealed a series of other blazes at businesses owned by or associated with former chairman. official inquiry into the blaze, led by Mr Justice Oliver popplewell, concluded that the fire was an accident. main flaw in the argument that the fire was arson was that the stand involved had no insurance value.
manchester united players hung a fake bird above Ashley young's peg in the dressing room after a bird pooed in his mouth during a match against Swansea in august. the players still laugh about the situation, according to left back Shaw. 'if you ask him now, he'll say it wasn't bird poo. in the changing room we hung a fake bird above his place as a joke which he didn't like,' he said.
man in his 70s shot and wounded his daughter's boyfriend last night. he then barricaded himself in his own home in the city of Zaragoza. shot at the elite police unit that stormed the house at 8am this morning.
Andre ayew is out of contract at Marseille in the summer. the 25-year-old is keen on a move to the anfield club he supported as a boy. everton, Newcastle and Swansea have all shown interest. wolfsburg, borussia Dortmund and napoli are also keen to speak to him.
a grinning Ri Sol-ju was pictured clapping with her husband during a football match at Kim Il-sung stadium on monday. the match was being held as part of a lavish series of events celebrating the 103rd birthday of the country's founding leader. her marriage was only revealed in 2012 when pictures emerged of a young woman accompanying Kim at official events.
Jurgen Klopp is to leave borussia Dortmund at the end of the season. it has raised the possibility that key members of his squad will leave. here, we look at four players who could follow Klopp out of the club.
pictures of title-chasing side were found in a skip outside the stadium. the frames were removed from corporate boxes inside the stadium. the club said the pictures were 'old and not being used anymore' 'as a metaphor for the club this could not be more apt. classless'.
the non-league team has operated under different names since 1979. manager Paul fairclough selects non-league players aged 23 and under. the team normally plays only three or four times a season.
the banyan tree in guangxi province does not stand on a single trunk, but a whole web of roots. it has captured the attention of locals, who say they have watched the whole thing sway in the wind due to its flimsy structure.
Lyon beat bastia 2-0 at the stade de gerland to go top of Ligue 1. second-half goals from Yattara and lacazette seal victory for Lyon. french champions paris saint-germain are second two points off the pace.
Andrew Odell tweeted the company a picture of the rodent crawling around. he said it was the last time he was going to shop at the supermarket. when aldi replied he wrote that his pregnant wife had already been in touch.
dagenham and redbridge midfielder Joss labadie has been banned for six months after being found guilty of a biting offence for the second time in a year. the 24-year-old was last month charged with violent conduct by the FA after he was accused of sinking his teeth into the hand of Stevenage defender Ronnie Henry. it came just 12 months after he was banned for 10 matches and fined £2,000 for biting.
Suma was first diagnosed with the condition in 2013. she was initially given daily medication to help relieve the pain. on Thursday, amazing photographs were captured of the primate's thorough health examination by surgeons. x-rays were taken in areas where the orangutan has arthritis.
the panel of eight medical professionals will meet for the first time in may. head injuries have been under greater scrutiny since hugo lloris refused to be substituted following a clash with Romelu lukaku in 2013. new rules have been introduced at the start of the current premier league season.
Paul McGowan was spared jail after a third assault on a policeman. the 27-year-old has been placed on a 16-week restriction of liberty order. he will miss two games against former club Celtic because of the order.
Bristol city became the first team in the football league to mathematically secure promotion on tuesday night. the runaway league leaders beat Bradford city 6-0 at valley parade. defender aden flint has scored 11 goals for the Robins this season.
lionel messi, luis suarez and lionel messi have a special relationship. 'i've never before seen a relationship like the one between Luis [suárez], Ney [neymar] and leo [messi]'. barcelona are in france ahead of their crucial champions league tie.
police have released photos of 13 people they want to speak to in relation to the incident. a touch judge suffered a broken shoulder when he slipped at ANZ stadium in Sydney as he tried to dodge bottles being thrown by angry Canterbury fans. referees had penalised bulldogs captain James Graham in the final minute of the game, which allowed south Sydney to seal a 18-17 victory.
Daniel agger allegedly elbowed FC Copenhagen's Mattias Jorgensen. the incident in the goalless draw was not seen by match officials. the disciplinary authorities have asked brondby for an explanation.
Ian Drinnan claimed his arthritis meant he had to use crutches to get around. but the 58-year-old was filmed helping to put up goalposts at his club. he was on his feet for three or four hours at a time without using crutches.
lavall hall, 25, was shot dead by a police officer in florida on february 15. officers claimed he 'attacked' them with 'deadly force' using a broom. but the footage appears to show him trying to flee the officers. his family have now filed a wrongful death lawsuit in federal court.
photographer Terry Richardson is known for his racy photo shoots. this week he faced accusations from the model that he released footage of her dancing in a bikini in a video called 'Cat Daddy' the one-minute-long film has been viewed more than 22 million times.
Shaqueel van persie scored with a'scorpion kick' in his back garden. the seven-year-old then celebrated with some grease-inspired dance moves. van persie snr. posted the video on his Instagram account.
Lewis Hamilton's contract with mercedes has not been sorted. the 30-year-old claims it is 'unlikely' the contract will be signed before the Chinese grand prix at the Shanghai international circuit on sunday. the reigning world champion admits the paperwork has been a 'pain in the backside'
YouTube user serpentor filmed his feline friend in action. footage shows the tabby producing bizarre gurgling noises.
the quake with a depth of about five miles happened just before 9pm. it was centered about four miles north of San Fernando near Interstate 210. the jolt was felt widely in the San Fernando valley and northern los angeles.
Watford beat millwall 2-0 in their championship clash at the hawthorns. a stunning volley from Matej vydra gave the hosts the lead at half-time. aiden o'brien was a constant menace for the hosts. but a second goal from Adlene Guedioura sealed the three points.
Quinn Patrick was on a fishing trip with his dad at snow lake, indiana. the pair caught a bowfin, videoed lying lifeless on a concrete dock. suddenly the fish propels itself from the ground and slaps the youngster.
the Curl-crested Jay is native to south america and resides at the Criadouro Onca Pintada breeding centre. videoed behind a fence, the bird initially makes a sinister noise like a distorted voice before creating an almost digital sound. following this the bird makes a noise that sounds like running water before a space invaders style tune emerges from it.
Jimmy Anderson is still three wickets away from breaking sir Ian botham's record for most wickets taken by an english batsman. west indies made up for their profligacy in the last two sessions of the first test in antigua. england lost five wickets for 20 runs when Anderson strode out to bat.
Joao teixeira broke his leg during a goalless draw with huddersfield. the 22-year-old was carried off on a stretcher in the 80th minute. he has been ruled out for the rest of the season.
Jason denayer is wanted back by parent club manchester city for a pre-season assessment. the 19-year-old is keen to pursue a first-team breakthrough at celtic. doubts over the future of manager manuel pellegrini may hand the parkhead the chance of a second loan deal.
an ebay user posted what appears to be laminated badge that featured a photo of former new england patriots player Aaron Hernandez. the badge featured identifying information about the 25-year-old, including his height, weight and birth date. the starting price for the card was $500, though there were no bids on the auction when it was removed from the site on Saturday.
mats Hummels has two years left on his contract at borussia Dortmund. the 26-year-old has been linked with a move to manchester united. he sat out the 3-2 defeat of hoffenheim in the german cup on tuesday.
Jurgen Klopp says his side lacked punch against pep guardiola's side. Robert lewandowski scored the winner at the Westfalenstadion on saturday. mats Hummels says the hosts created enough chances to win.
a professor in new york invited her autistic son to one of her classes. the 11-year-old got up on a chair and drew the world map from memory. a student took the photos and her father posted them on reddit.
borussia Dortmund beat hoffenheim 3-2 in the quarter-finals of the german cup. defender neven subotic gave the visitors the lead in the 19th minute. defender Kevin Volland equalised for the visitors in the 21st minute. substitute sebastian kehl fired in the winner in the 107th minute.
the former england captain played the full 90 minutes at loftus road. there was a hostile introduction for the chelsea captain. but he was rarely troubled by the likes of Bobby zamora and Charlie Austin.
Sunday’s trip to loftus road marks Chelsea’s 700th game under the ownership of roman abramovich. the blues have won three premier leagues, four FA cups, three league cups, one Europa league and one champions league since 2004. 'he has been good for Chelsea, good for english football, good for european football,' says jose mourinho.
UEFA have ruled that the final 18 seconds of the match against Norway will be replayed after a refereeing mistake. the match will be restarted at 9:45pm on Thursday with the match resuming with the young lionesses retaking a penalty in the 96th minute at 2-1 down. the decision has been taken for the first time in a UEFA competition following an FA appeal. referee marija Kurtes wrongly denied the opportunity to
monster storm impacted a 1,500-mile arc with 10 reported tornadoes, grapefruit-sized hail and winds of up to 80 mph on Wednesday. the storm system, which stretches from Texas up to the great lakes and down to north Carolina, has the potential to be the biggest severe weather event so far this spring. strong storms rumbled through the southern plains early on Thursday, missing major population centers but offering a preview of bad weather that could hit Chicago, Detroit and other big cities in the Midwest
a new episode of mockumentary show shows bosses holding an emergency meeting after Jeremy Clarkson uses the word ‘tosser’ on top gear. the episode was apparently filmed last July, but the narration has recently been tweaked.
pictures show the 32-year-old with his right-hand wrist wrapped up in bandages. it is the latest in a string of presumed health problems for the dictator. doctors say it is unlikely that he has fractured his wrist and judge it a minor injury.
manchester united host premier league leaders Chelsea on saturday. united have beaten Tottenham, Liverpool and manchester city in recent weeks. but boss louis van gaal's side face a tough test at stamford bridge.
the first year students at Washington university were rowing at creve coeur lake. they were caught up in the crossfire when the giant Asian carp struck. Initially all is calm until splashes can be seen rippling in the water.
the woman known only as goska, has spent some time volunteering at Criadouro Onça Pintada in Brazil. she has mixed with a number of exotic animals while there including one-year-old rescued jaguar, perseu. the volunteer holds the jaguar around the neck and gives it cuddles as it sucks the contents from the bottle.
Siem de Jong played 45 minutes for the under 21s on his comeback. the 26-year-old made way at the break after coming through the first half of united's 2-0 defeat to Derby county. de Jong has made just one premier league start since his £6million arrival from ajax last summer.
new york state senator Jeffrey klein tweeted a link to a search for 'hot' pictures of political strategist Susan del percio. the tweet included a series of seemingly random characters before the link. del percio, a republican strategist, said that the post was a'silly mistake'
midfielder says fans are being left short-changed by the club's form. colback admits he is already looking forward to next season. the 25-year-old was part of a lacklustre display against liverpool.
graeme McDowell carded a final round of 73 on Sunday to finish six over par. the former us open champion is now a combined 24 over for the tournament. 'it would be sacrilege not to play here no matter how much it frustrates you as you have to enjoy it for what it is,' he said.
Rory McIlroy caddied for one direction singer Niall Horan at the masters. the pair will reunite on stage at the end of the summer in Boston. the Deutsche bank championship occurs a few days after one direction play at Gillette stadium in the same week.
Yan Tai weighed just over seven stone when she began dating you pan. but two years on when you asked her to marry him she was almost unrecognizable. the 20-year-old's weight had almost doubled - after she ballooned to 14 stone 2lbs.
Andy Lee and peter quillin fought for 12 rounds in new york on saturday. it was the first time the reigning champion had gone the distance. the fight was scored 113-112, 112-113, 113-113 by the judges.
Jermain Defoe was introduced to the crowd at a wrestling event in Newcastle. the 32-year-old received a mixed reception when he walked out. Defoe scored the winner for sunderland in the Tyne/wear derby on sunday.
moussa sissoko was sent off for a reckless challenge on liverpool's Lucas leiva. the frenchman was given a second yellow card, but head coach John carver feels it should have been a straight red. 'he knows he was wrong. he was fortunate not to get a straight red,' said carver.
young defender Martin montoya scored a lofted pass during training. the ball went straight into a basketball ring on the other side of the pitch. the 23-year-old left-back provoked gasps from his team-mates.
Jose mourinho has won league titles in all four countries he has managed. the 52-year-old insists he continues to get better as a manager. but he regularly finds himself in hot water with the football association.
Kevin pietersen posed for the Surrey team photo ahead of the start of the county championship season. the 34-year-old batsman cut a range of emotions as he sat right at the end of the team photo. downton's dismissal as managing director has paved the way for the batsman to return to the international set-up.
woman drove a red Peugeot towards southend - but on the London-bound track. the dual carriageway was shut for an hour on monday afternoon. one man needed treatment for neck and back injuries.
the ballon d'or is awarded to the world's best footballer each year. real madrid superstar Cristiano Ronaldo is the current holder of the trophy. arsene wenger said last year he was ‘totally against’ the ballon d'or.
the world no 111 struggled to get under par during his first round at augusta. he was booed off the tee after a poor chip shot on the third hole. but his play around the greens saved him on the sixth hole.
arsenal are close to signing 16-year-old maxim Romero from Velez Sarsfield. but the deal has been held up by red-tape over the player's ownership rights. chief negotiator Dick law has flown to south america.
Rory McIlroy carded a one-under-par 71 on the opening day of the 79th masters. the world no 1 was one over par after 11 holes before recording birdies on the 13th and 15th to card a one-under-par 71. the world no 1 is seeking to become just the sixth player in history to win all four major titles.
Jose mourinho and sir alex ferguson formed a firm friendship in 2004. the former manchester united manager showed him 'two faces' he said: 'the first face was the competitor, the man that tried everything to win'
Rickie fowler has been dating bikini model Alexis Randock since last year. dustin johnson has been engaged to model and pop singer Paulina gretzky since 2013 and the pair had a son together in January this year. toger woods' girlfriend Lindsey vonn joined him during the par three contest at augusta on Wednesday.
liverpool secured an FA cup semi-final berth with a 2-1 win over blackburn. the reds are through to the last four in their final chance for silverware. players declared an early ladies day at the grand national meeting at aintree.
former captain has held talks with new ECB chief executive Tom Harrison. if he is confirmed as the new director of cricket he will command overall responsibility for coaching and selection. alec Stewart and Andrew Strauss are also in the frame for the role.
snooker's governing body criticised for allowing a wild card to compete alongside 127 male players for the right to play in the sport's blue-chip event. a gracious doherty admitted afterwards: 'i don't know how I won that final frame. if it had gone to 9-9, i'd have been a million-one to win it' the 29-year-old single mum from dudley admitted she was exhausted after a match of unfamiliar intensity for
a 15-year-old boy has been cautioned after posting a racist tweet. the tweet was aimed at arsenal striker Danny welbeck. welbeck scored the winner as arsenal beat manchester united.
leah Williamson's penalty was disallowed for encroachment on the pitch. but german referee marjia Kurtes awarded a free-kick to Norway. UEFA chiefs ruled the game should be replayed for 18 seconds. it began in what would have been the 96th minute, and ended 65 seconds later.
manchester city face louis van gaal's united at old trafford on sunday. manuel pellegrini's side lost 2-1 to crystal palace on monday night. but sergio aguero insists city can still retain the premier league.
former world no 1 amelie mauresmo is expecting her baby in august. the openly gay 35-year-old broke the news on social media on thursday. mauresmo was appointed as Murray’s coach in June 2014.
world boxing champion Kell Brook enjoyed a night out at the darts. the 28-year-old received a hero's ovation when introduced to the crowd. Dave Chisnall won both of his games to move onto 17 points in second place.
aljaz bedene defeated Arthur de Greef 6-2, 6-3 in just 70 minutes. the world no 99 switched allegiance from Slovenia to great britain last month. bedene will now face third seed Jiri Vesely in the quarter-finals.
arsene wenger revealed the attacking midfielder has suffered a setback in his bid to return from a hamstring strain. the recurrence of a long-standing groin problem has caused the delay in chamberlain's return to action, not the hamstring. the root cause of the complaint remains unclear, with club doctors trying to establish a permanent cure for the problem.
the ball boy slipped over while retrieving the ball during the 3-3 draw. he then pretends to hand the ball back to the former england stopper. the cheeky lad rolls the ball between the 35-year-old's legs.
21-year-old runner-up on debut last year has three-shot lead going into second round. defending champions bubba Watson and dustin johnson both shot 70s. phil mickelson and luke donald both shot seven-under-par 70s.
Jenson Button was dicing for 13th when he crashed into the back of pastor maldonado's Lotus on lap 49 of the chinese grand prix. the incident unfolded in front of team-mate fernando alonso. maldonado retired after rear-end damage sustained in the crash.
Philippe saint-andre will remain in charge for the world cup in england. he has won just 15 of his 37 games in charge since taking over. the french federation are looking for candidates to replace him.
nico rosberg will start second on the grid for the chinese grand prix. the german was only four-hundredths of a second behind the Briton. he was visibly angry after the pit-wall brains put him under unnecessary ‘pressure’.
Leicester Tigers take on Saracens at allianz park on saturday. the two sides are separated by just two points and two places. the 22-game premiership campaign concludes on may 16, with play-offs a week later.
Jason gillespie has signed a two-year deal with the Adelaide strikers. the 39-year-old has been an influential figure at headingley since joining the county as first-team coach in 2011. he will begin his role there in December, when the next edition of the BBL gets underway.
Sean maitland has undergone surgery on his injured shoulder. the winger has been out of action since January with the injury. maitland will now miss the rest of the season. the 26-year-old has 15 caps for the scottish national team.
Jimmy Anderson needs four wickets to overtake sir Ian botham's record of 383. but pace attack colleague Chris Jordan believes the family celebration party is 'just around the corner' england fell to 155 for four in their first innings in antigua.
curtly ambrose's pep talk must have worked as west indies rolled over tail. england's tail suffered a torrid morning and were all out for 399 by lunch. west indies batsman shiv chanderpaul's Test career has lasted 21 years.
Ben Stokes thought he had claimed his 23rd test wicket in antigua. but his front foot had crossed the line and he was denied the wicket. a similar error saw him denied his first wicket against australia in 2013.
Karen sharpe, the mother of north Charleston police officer michael slager, has broken her silence in an interview. she defended her son, saying she cannot believe that he would do anything like what he's accused of. she also expressed her sympathy for the family of the man her son shot dead.
Michael Vaughan criticised the footwork and mindset of the top order. alastair cook and Jonathan trott were both out in the first over. geoff boycott was also critical of the pair.
everton drew 1-1 with Swansea at the liberty stadium on saturday. defender seamus Coleman conceded a penalty after being fouled. referee michael Oliver deemed Coleman's handball deliberate. everton manager says Coleman should have been awarded a free-kick.
Newcastle announced record profits last month of £18.7m for 2013/14 season. full accounts registered with companies house on monday show £38.6m transferred into Newcastle's bank account as a cash-flow sum. revelation has infuriated Newcastle fans who claim owner Mike Ashley has little ambition beyond remaining in the top flight and benefiting from lucrative premier league TV deals. protest planned for sunday with fans being urged to boycott home match against Tottenham.
the fa will wait for referee andre marriner's report before deciding whether to launch an investigation into crowd control. jubilant celebrations at loftus road were marred by objects being thrown from the crowd. qpr manager Chris Ramsey condemned the behaviour.
Harry panayiotou has won the barclays premier league player of the month. the 20-year-old scored three goals for the foxes in the month of march. panayiotou also netted a hat-trick on international duty for st kitts and nevis.
Rangers dropped two points at bottom side livingston in their bid for promotion. myles hippolyte and Marius zaliukas traded goals in 1-1 draw in west lothian. Stuart McCall wants his side to put away form behind them at dumbarton.
west brom are commemorating the launch of the Jeff astle foundation. the baggies are wearing a replica of their 1968 FA cup winning kit. astle died of chronic traumatic encephalopathy in 2002 at the age of 59.
Diafra sakho came off after 58 minutes against Stoke with a thigh strain. the 25-year-old was sent for scans on monday amid fears he may have a minor tear and club physios are hopeful it is not as severe as first thought. his absence will still come as a blow to west ham's aspirations of finishing high up the table.
Cesc Fabregas scored an 87th minute winner for queens park rangers. rob green's dreadful kick led to a late winner for jose mourinho's side. qpr defenders Nedum onuoha and jose mourinho both impressed.
Shane Ferguson joined up with his Ibrox team-mates this week. the 23-year-old has not played since his country’s 2-0 european qualifier win over Greece in athens in October. he was one of five players sent north on loan to the championship side.
the Ibrox board last week launched a probe into claims Mike Ashley’s firm had taken ownership of intellectual property, including the club’s famous crests. the position stems solely from the security attached to the loan from sports direct, accepted by the former regime in January. in return for the loan, sports direct took security over all Rangers assets — but not Ibrox.
Craig Dawson is set to return for west brom after serving a one-match ban. youssouf mulumbu was sent off in the 4-1 defeat to QPR. Ben Foster is a long-term absentee with a knee injury. callum macmanaman is not yet fit despite closing in on a comeback.
Stuart McCall believes injured winger can play vital role in play-off bid. the 23-year-old has been out with a knee injury since joining the club. he only checked into the club's training base on monday.
the rest of the real madrid squad returned to training on wednesday. there was no sign of the likes of cristiano ronaldo, gareth bale and james rodriguez. pepe and alvaro arbeloa were present alongside regular first team players.
arsene wenger said he hopes burnley escape relegation from the premier league. the gunners beat burnley 1-0 at Turf moor on saturday night. wenger has been praised by burnley boss Sean Dyche this season.
Thibaut courtois has impressed for chelsea this season. the 22-year-old helped the blues win the capital one cup at wembley. courtois is now targeting the premier league title with the blues.
arsenal should target petr cech if he leaves stamford bridge. cech has made just five premier league appearances this season. arsene wenger should target cech instead of wojciech szczesny.
a brace from uruguayan striker suarez sealed a 3-1 win for barcelona. the result means that psg face elimination from the champions league. manager Laurent blanc admitted his side were 'dominated' by the catalans.
a memorial service will be held at anfield to remember the 96 people who lost their lives at Hillsborough. footballers, fans and celebrities across the sporting world have paid their respects to the victims. former defender Philippe Coutinho shared a picture on Instagram on the 26th anniversary of the disaster.
Jermain Defoe took part in sunderland's keepy up challenge. he set an impressive score of 76 for his team-mates to beat. Defoe then took part in keepy ups with a creme egg. the striker was unable to replicate the high score achieved with the tennis ball.
Wales have surpassed the 27th spot achieved by Terry Yorath's side back in 1993. England have climbed three places to 14 after beating Lithuania in euro 2016 qualifying and drawing a friendly in italy last month. Belgium rose to its highest-ever spot at no 3 in the rankings.
Luke Shaw joined manchester united from Southampton last summer. the 19-year-old has only made 17 appearances in all competitions. he has been plagued by injuries and admits he would score against his boyhood club chelsea on saturday.
Charlie Adam scored one of the best goals of his career at stamford bridge. but he ended up losing the game as his side lost 2-1 at the etihad. the midfielder admitted he had mixed emotions after the goal.
Charlie Adam scored a 66-yard goal against Chelsea on saturday. the strike gave goalkeeper Thibaut courtois absolutely no chance. it is not the first time the midfielder has had a goalkeeper back-pedalling before picking the ball out of his own net. back in 2009, Adam scored a similar effort against Accrington Stanley.
Charlie Adam struck from inside his own half against Chelsea on saturday. xabi alonso scored twice from inside his own half for liverpool in 2006. daniel sturridge scored from inside his own half for manchester city.
David Beckham scored from inside his own half for manchester united in 1996. Wayne rooney and xabi alonso have also scored from inside their half. but this strike from inside his own half was more audacious.
Cesc Fabregas, Nemanja Matic and Oscar have struggled recently. but boss jose mourinho insists he will stick by his midfield trio. mourinho said Oscar was not struggling and will bounce back. click here for all the latest Chelsea news.
west ham host stoke city at the etihad stadium (saturday 3pm) enner valencia will be available for west ham after a toe injury. defender james tomkins has undergone shoulder surgery.
police say 35-year-old lakenya hall drove six children to a fight where one was shot in the upper thigh. the fight was at a residence just outside new orleans after a previous fight at a bus stop. hall's two sons, ages 15 and 11, were arrested on charges of disturbing the peace by fighting.
Robin van persie has missed manchester united's last six games. the 31-year-old suffered an ankle injury against Swansea on february 21. van persie has scored 10 goals in 24, playing 1,993 minutes this season. click here for all the latest manchester united news.
Mamadou sakho came off in the first half of liverpool's FA cup win over blackburn. daryl Janmaat should be fit to take his place in the team at anfield. papiss cisse sits out the fourth of his seven matches with a hamstring injury.
Luis suarez once sneaked into the nou camp for a photo opportunity. the striker revealed that he did not go in because he didn't have money to buy anything. the uruguayan revealed that real madrid were'very' interested in signing him but he only wanted to join barcelona.
Mario balotelli was not included in the squad to face arsenal or blackburn. he withdrew himself from the squad on saturday and fell ill on wednesday. balotelli reported a temperature of 38.7c (101.66f). the striker responded by posting a photo of himself holding a thermometer reading 38.7c (101.66f) which is 1.7c above 'normal' body temperature.
Mario balotelli shared a thermometer reading on social media to prove he was too ill to play against blackburn. manager Brendan rodgers had already gone cold on the striker. rodgers will admit he ignored the warnings about the italian. but he hoped he was maturing as he got older.
Lucas leiva missed three games at wembley with a knee injury in 2012. the midfielder is hoping to play against aston villa in the semi-final. liverpool beat blackburn 1-0 in the quarter-final replay on tuesday.
derry mathews was due to face richar abril in the second defence of his WBA lightweight belt on April 18 in Liverpool. the Cuban withdrew ahead of the original date of march 6 and has only fought three times since 2012. mathews tweeted: 'in my eyes abril doesn't fancy this fight'
lionel messi opened the scoring for barcelona in the 33rd minute. suarez doubled the lead in the 55th minute with a left-footed strike. bartra doubled the lead on 75 minutes with a headed goal. suarez completed the scoring in the 90th minute with a left-footed strike.
Dani alves' contract at barcelona runs out at the end of the season. he has been offered a two-year deal with an option of a third year. but alves' camp say it's actually a one-year deal to be renewed for a second year and then a third year only if he wins a certain number of games.
amir khan believes kell Brook has called him out for 'one big payday' the undefeated welterweight champion has agreed a bout with khan on may 30. khan had announced a fight with Chris algieri next month. but he has now denied that there are'more options on the table'.
Newcastle were beaten for the fifth consecutive time in derbies on sunday. head coach John carver admits the club need to look at the 'DNA' of their dressing-room this summer. the magpies were beaten 1-0 at the Stadium of light by rivals sunderland.
Sevilla are fifth in la liga ahead of the visit of leaders barcelona on saturday. coach unai emery is one of the more eccentric characters in la liga. his frantic arm gestures, wild eyes and bellowed commands inspire his players.
Fergal O'Brien says that last year's fourth Grand national winner is in better shape. the 10-year-old gelding has run only once this season, finishing fifth at doncaster in february. the trainer believes that is preferable to 12 months ago when alvarado went into the race not having run since pulling up at Cheltenham on new year's day.
Rory McIlroy has won all of his four majors after rain at augusta national. the world no 1 has won all of his majors after rain at some point. the northern irishman will be forgiven if he smiled from ear to ear.
Liverpool and Newcastle players took part in a minute silence before their premier league match at anfield on monday. the fixture took place two days before the 26th anniversary of the disaster. former Newcastle captain Bobby moncur laid flowers at the club's hillsborough memorial at anfield.
porto face bayern munich in their champions league quarter-final. porto are the only side to be undefeated in the competition so far. but Julen lopetegui says the team 'hasn't stopped growing'.
supermodels took over the fashion industry in the 80s and 90s. now their daughters are following in their footsteps. models like caia Gerber have walked for designers like chanel.
marc-andre ter-stegen joined barcelona from borussia monchengladbach. the 22-year-old has failed to make his la liga debut for the club. ter-stegen insists he's ready to become the first-choice keeper in the league.
one direction singer Niall Horan caddied for Rory McIlroy in the traditional par-3 contest at augusta national. the 21-year-old fell over while carrying McIlroy's clubs around the par-three course. the pair laughed it off as the Northern Irishman shot a one-under-par round. Tiger woods also played in the par-3 contest for the first time in 11 years.
blues quartet Eden Hazard, Thibaut courtois, Kurt Zouma and Izzy brown celebrated the start of the Thai new year with a game of kick-ups. the foursome were joined by club mascot Stamford the Lion. the songkran festival is celebrated by Thais with the fun activity of throwing water at each other.
Rangers' final game of the season has been pushed back 24 hours. the move is designed to accommodate broadcasters. hibernian, hearts and hibernian have lodged complaints with the league.
one direction's Niall Horan will caddie for golfer Rory McIlroy. the duo will swap girls screams for greens at augusta on eve of the tournament. McIlroy won his first major in 2011.
gareth bale injured his left foot during a training session on Tuesday. real madrid travel to the estadio de Vallecano to face ninth-placed Rayo. bale scored in real's 9-1 demolition of granada on sunday.
Tiger woods is the 111th best golfer in the world. the 39-year-old will make his 20th appearance at the augusta national. he has won the tournament four times; 1997, 2001, 2002 and 2005. woods insists he would not enter a tournament unless he thought he had a chance to win it.
Ben flower was sent off in last year's grand final for punching Lance hohaia. the 28-year-old was banned for six months by referee Phil Bentham. flower will return against warrington in the super league derby on Thursday.
players have been forced to use insect repellent during practice sessions. three players have been diagnosed with the mosquito-borne disease. players will need about two weeks to fully recover from the disease.
Zlatan Ibrahimovic and Marco verratti suspended for champions league clash. Ligue 1 champions also without the injured David luiz. barca drew 2-2 with sevilla in la liga on saturday.
the 37-year-old has not played since the Super league leaders' only defeat at warrington a month ago. coach Brian McDermott says his injury has now been properly diagnosed. 'he will be out for anything from between four to six weeks,' he said.
the 31-year-old striker has 14 months left on his £250,000-a-week contract. united officials are understood to be willing to pay the remaining half of a £10m loyalty bonus to free up wages for another striker. italian giants Juventus and inter Milan have both been linked with a summer move.
the world's first 'i'm a celebrity...get me out of here!' maze has opened. new technology and bush Tucker trials invite both young and old 'non-celebrities' to climb through 'pipe of peril', crawly corridors and dark caves.
liverpool beat struggling magpies 2-0 at anfield on saturday. goals from Raheem sterling and Joe allen secured three points for reds. manager Brendan rodgers vowed not to give up on champions league qualification.
Gianluigi Buffon says it would be a waste to retire now. 'a player stops when he feels that he is no longer what he was before on the pitch, otherwise it would be a waste,' he said. the 37-year-old made three important saves to deny Monaco an away goal.
Andy Murray will marry fiancée Kim sears in his hometown of Dunblane. there are believed to be well over 100 people attending the wedding. the 27-year-old arrived back in britain on monday restored as world no 3 in the new rankings.
Ben flower admitted he regrets every day his attack on Lance hohaia. the 27-year-old is coming to the end of a six-month ban. flower is preparing to return to rugby league this week.
YouTube user, micahmedia, has uploaded a video demonstrating how to peel an egg. the 28-second video currently has over 16million views on the video-sharing website.
Southampton sit seventh in the premier league with 53 points from 31 games. they have failed to score in five of their last nine league matches. manager Ronald Koeman wants his team to rediscover their scoring form.
real madrid face city rivals atletico in the champions league on tuesday. world player of the year looked in superb form during training on monday. he showed off a selection of back-heels and fancy flicks during session. real cut the gap to la liga leaders barcelona to just two points.
supporters are threatening to boycott the next home match against spurs. they are protesting at Mike Ashley’s running of the club and a perceived lack of ambition. supporters are threatening to boycott the next home match.
Eden Hazard will make his 100th premier league appearance on sunday. the winger has been imperious at the etihad stadium this season. he has been fouled nine times in the first leg of the champions league tie. Hazard could win the player of the year award from the pfa.
Cristiano Ronaldo has scored 300 goals for real madrid in just six years. the 30-year-old is seven goals shy of club record-holder Alfredo di Stefano. the former manchester united striker has scored 206 goals with his right foot, 52 with his left and 41 with his head.
crystal palace host sunderland in the premier league on saturday. palace beat manchester city 2-1 at the emirates on monday night. sunderland won the tyne-wear derby 2-1 last weekend.
mark seby beat fellow englishman Elliot slessor to reach last 16. reigning champion Ding Junhui beat mark davis 5-1. former world champions shaun Murphy and judd trump also into last 16.
former rugby star bought the horse for £12,000 at auction after a boozy dinner. after a whopping £105,500 payday he tweeted ‘Holy s***, I’m lost for words and emotions. all I can say is yes the dude!!!!!’. after he bought the horse Zara called him an idiot, but she was there cheering the horse home as it almost caught the winner many clouds.
Stoke's current pitch is the joint smallest in the premier league. but manager mark Hughes wants to make it bigger for next season. the premier league wish to standardise pitch sizes at 105m x 68m. ten clubs currently comply with the regulation size.
manchester united stars train in the sunshine ahead of derby with manchester city. captain Wayne rooney, ander Herrera and all the big-hitters in action. striker Robin van persie could return to action after being declared fit. united go into the derby four points clear of city in the premier league.
Jose mourinho has won 21 major trophies during his 15-year career. he has coached a whole host of world class stars. here, sportsmail picks his ultimate xi.
legendary broadcaster passed away peacefully in his sleep surrounded by his wife daphne and family. he had been receiving radiation treatment for skin cancer. news of his death threw the cricket world and beyond into mourning. tributes flowed in to a man remembered for his wry sense of humour, expertise and for simply being a 'true gentleman'
Chelsea defeated Roma 4-0 in their UEFA youth league semi-final on monday. striker Dominic solanke scored a brace before substitute tammy Abraham scored a tap-in on 83 minutes. the blues will now face shakhtar donetsk in the final.
the 24-year-old singer has collaborated with adidas on a new range. has taken the brand's classics and put her own bold spin on them. reveals her influences and plans for the future in exclusive interview.
Chris smalling posted a photo of himself and girlfriend on twitter. the 25-year-old is one of the best defenders in the country. united face manchester city at old trafford on saturday. click here for all the latest manchester united news.
Lauren hill, 19, was diagnosed with a rare form of childhood brain cancer shortly after her 18th birthday. she defied doctors' expectations to play college basketball and raised more than $1.5 million for research into the cancer. but as her condition worsened, she became an honorary coach and earlier this year, she moved to Cincinnati children's hospital. she passed away on friday morning, aged just 19.
Jonathan trott set to make his 50th test appearance for england on monday. 'to be brutally honest I didn't know if i'd be able to come back here and I didn't know if i was going to be selected but I had to get my head down and push my case forward,' admits trott.
wigan drew 1-1 with fulham at craven cottage on friday night. goals from Ross McCormack and a free-kick from jermaine pennant secured a point for the north london side. the result means malky mackay's reign at the club is likely to end in may.
arsene wenger's side face burnley at turf moor on saturday. the gunners have won eight straight league games in all competitions. wenger has challenged his squad to focus on the next game.
a video from the city of brotherly love shows characters in'safety suits' characters such as Bubbleman are seen talking to residents about the dangers of not looking up from one's phone while walking around the city. the campaign is aimed at 18 to 25-year-olds who are most likely to be hit by cars while on their phones.
Vincent Kompany is an injury doubt for manchester city's derby clash with united. manuel pellegrini revealed the centre-back will be assessed on saturday. the 29-year-old played 90 minutes as city lost 2-1 to crystal palace.
Harry redknapp quit his role as manager of premier league strugglers in february. the 68-year-old blamed knee problems for his decision to leave. but redknapp has described the situation as 'like a bit of a soap opera'
qpr manager says he would shake the former captain's hand if there wasn't anything on the field that was unprofessional by him. 'the whole episode for british society sat uncomfortably. it happened and it’s being dealt with. we have to move on. hopefully everyone has learned something from it,' says Ramsey. qpr face chelsea at loftus road on saturday.
gareth bale will be rested for real madrid's game at home to Eibar. coach Carlo ancelotti has not made a final decision on his starting line-up. asier Illarramendi and Isco will probably play alongside Luka modric. jese will join Cristiano Ronaldo and Karim benzema up front.
arsenal travel to burnley in the premier league on saturday. the gunners have won 10 games out of their last 11, including seven in a row. some of the first-team stars have revealed their ultimate pre-game playlist.
John Terry has revealed his team for the pfa player and team of the year. blues captain named Liverpool's Philippe Coutinho as his player of the year. he also named Tottenham's Harry Kane as his young player of the year. the 21-year-old has scored 19 league goals for the tottenham hotspur.
Diego Costa has been ruled out for up to four weeks with a hamstring injury. the striker aggravated the problem in last weekend's win over Stoke. the 26-year-old had hoped to be back in time for the game against arsenal.
Chelsea have led the table for 230 days as of friday April 10. the current record for days at the top belongs to manchester united. but the blues can beat that record by 12 days if they stay top until the end of the season.
Niki Lauda aimed a first verbal grenade at his driver Nico Rosberg. the three-time world champion is colourful, candid and carefree. 'yes, Nico is definitely a little bit behind Lewis,' said Lauda.
Gary Neville believes a star player will always choose Chelsea or arsenal if they have a straight choice between the big clubs in the premier league. former manchester united defender believes city need to be bold and take on UEFA's financial fair play regulations. 'unless city are bold and decide to take on UEFA’s financial fair play regulations, they will find it difficult to compete with united, Chelsea and arsenal,' said Neville.
Ilkay gundogan is expected to complete a £15million move to manchester united at the end of the season. mats Hummels has indicated he is ready to join united. united are confident of agreeing a fee with borussia Dortmund.
the masters is one few sporting events which offers food at reasonable prices. you can get a taste of the south with a bar-b-que or classic chicken sandwich for $3 — which is about £2.05.
Eden Hazard has been outstanding for chelsea this season. he will be a leading contender to claim both the PFA and fwa awards. jose mourinho believes anyone who tips a player other than Hazard is making mischief.
'i'm focusing so much on my focus I'm over-focused,' said padraig harrington after a mediocre round at the masters on friday. Byron meth opened with a 74 on his Masters debut. the par fours are where you hang on with half having a scoring average of 4.2 or higher.
Justin rose battled back from a nightmare start at augusta. the 2013 us open champion is seven shots behind leader jordan spieth. rose is one of a handful of players hanging on to the coat tails of the leader.
Kevin pietersen made 170 off 149 balls against MCCU on sunday. former captains alec Stewart and Nasserhussain have their say on the batsman's chances of playing for his adopted country again.
arsene wenger has slammed post-season tours as a 'nightmare'. arsenal opted against an extended pre-season trip to india or malaysia. north london rivals Tottenham will travel to australia and Malaysia. chelsea are also set to travel abroad when the current campaign finishes.
blackpool drew 1-1 with bolton wanderers at the Macron stadium. blackpool's michael Jacobs opened the scoring in the ninth minute. but substitute Eidur gudjohnsen equalised in stoppage time.
Oxford women's rowing team beat Cambridge by six and a half lengths. it was the first time in 88 years the women's race was staged on the famous Tideway course that for so long had been the sole preserve of the men. the men went on to win their race shortly afterwards.
richie benaud died at 84 from skin cancer. australian government offered a state funeral for the man who never lost a test series as his country’s captain, then became a commentator. a recent poll by the wisden cricketer magazine attracted an astonishing 12,000 votes.
alec Stewart is in the frame to replace axed managing director paul downton. former captains michael Vaughan and Andrew Strauss have also been linked. england head coach peter Moores would report to the cricket director.
Chelsea's Eden Hazard and arsenal's santi cazorla are both set to reach their 100th premier league appearance this weekend. both players have been hugely influential since they moved to the emirates in the summer of 2012. here, sportsmail's reporters choose the player they most enjoy watching in action.
Nico Rosberg will start behind team-mate Lewis Hamilton in tomorrow's race. the german missed out on pole by just 0.042secs in qualifying. he was the final driver out of the pit-lane during qualifying. but he improved his time, but still fell agonisingly short of Hamilton's best lap.
police in Troy, Alabama, found the clip on a cell phone during an unrelated investigation into a shooting. two college students have been arrested in connection with the alleged rape. victim believes she was drugged before the attack on Panama city beach.
arsenal moved further clear of the two manchester clubs in second place. arsene wenger's side held on to beat a spirited burnley at Turf moor. burnley failed to create too many clear-cut chances for arsene wenger's side.
sportsmail have teamed up with golfbidder to offer one lucky reader the chance to win a special golf prize. the prize bundle includes a Callaway XR Driver, Callaway XR 3 wood, Callaway XR Hybrid and a set of Callaway xr irons.
arsenal host relegation-threatened burnley at turf moor on saturday. victory will ensure the gunners claim the longest winning streak in the premier league this season. the gunners have won seven straight games since defeat against Tottenham on february 7.
former england striker gave his verdict on his team-mate's celebration. the 34-year-old said he went into the celebration 'far too quickly'. Adam scored a stunning goal against Chelsea at the etihad stadium.
Derby drew 2-2 with 10-man watford at the ipro stadium on friday night. the result leaves them without a win in seven games and six points off the top two. head coach Steve McClaren admitted his players only had themselves to blame for the latest setback.
Patrick Bamford equalised the club's record goal return of the modern era. the on-loan striker scored his 15th of the campaign via a deflected effort. it was the fourth goal that he has scored in his last four games.
Tom Cairney opened the scoring for blackburn in the 62nd minute. jordan Rhodes doubled the lead in the 69th minute with a header. blackburn then doubled their lead in the 80th minute through jay spearing.
Wolves beat Nottingham forest 2-1 at the city ground on good friday. manager Kenny jackett has told his players to keep their focus. the scot believes it is now just the top eight in the championship.
Brandon Wyne, 17, and friend courtney Griffith, 18, pulled over for broken tail light. officers claimed to smell marijuana and ordered everyone out of car. Wyne agreed but on condition nobody touch him until his mother arrived. officer retaliated by spraying him with pepper spray and Tasering him. he can be seen screaming 'i'm 17 years old! stop!' before officer says, 'you're going to get it again' footage has prompted investigation into officers' conduct
the unnamed woman, believed to be between 25 and 45 years old, was discovered lying unconscious march 22 in the area near shore parkway and 26th avenue in the Gravesend section of Brooklyn. paramedics who responded to the scene were unable to revive her and she was pronounced dead that evening. investigators believe the faded body art was the name 'Monique' etched across a tattooed ribbon within a heart topped with a rose.
dozens of staff at the club's megastore sweating over their futures. some claim they are being kept in the dark over whether they will be re-employed. a source told sportsmail: 'it seems as though Nike are using them as scapegoats because they have lost the rights to adidas'
the Iowa Board of Chiropractic released a report Wednesday detailing charges against chiropractor Charles manuel, of lamoni. manuel signed an agreement last month admitting his misdeeds and pledging not to apply for reinstatement for at least 10 years.
Robin Thomas, of Jonesboro, posted a sign on his truck that reads, 'Looking for a date? would you date a single father?' the father-of-three decided to put the sign on his truck after failing to find love online several times. the retired cook said that he's looking for a woman who is 'normal and down-to-earth' and closer to his own age.
flamur ukshini, 23, from the kosovan capital of pristina has almost 40,000 followers on his Instagram page. every picture that he posts on his page is immediately fawned over by legions of Directioners. he is often stopped in the street and asked for photos by adoring teens.
Clint chadbourne, 71, was headed back to Portland from Massachusetts. when they pulled over at a rest stop, he couldn't get out because his gut was stuck. he said in the video: 'you look at me. I am stuck in this cah' his wife Bonnie, 67, posted the two-minute clip on facebook and it has been viewed almost 30 million times.
arsenal boss arsene wenger has branded the obsession with Jurgen Klopp's next move as a 'ridiculous circus' the 47-year-old announced on Wednesday that he would be leaving borussia Dortmund at the end of the season. it sparked a frenzy of speculation about whether the charismatic 47-year-old might be destined for the barclays premier league with arsenal or Manchester city.
Sherlock star challenged to a game by ping pong legend deng yaping. despite using a wooden spoon, he still won the match in Shanghai.
new york city FC drew 2-2 with Philadelphia union in the mls on thursday night. mehdi ballouchy opened the scoring before cj sapong equalised. but ballouchy was forced off with a hamstring injury at half time.
a Diego Castro header gave getafe a 1-1 draw in la liga on sunday. villarreal defender Mateo musacchio was carried off on a stretcher. the defender's ankle appeared to buckle when he was running for the ball. he underwent a successful operation at the cemtro clinic in madrid.
NAC Breda gave away a two-goal lead against FC Dordrecht on saturday. manager Robert maaskant took out his anger on the substitutes bench. the 46-year-old's fist went through the plastic casing of the dugout.
the couple were invited to fit the bungs to the casks on a tour of the ballindalloch Distillery in Aberdeenshire. they will have to wait around eight to 10 years to sample the single malt as the owners plan to allow it to mature. whisky from both casks will then be bottled to the benefit of the royal visitors' charities.
an unidentified man was caught on the NBC sports channel wandering across the green at the Ko Olina resort in Oahu and plunging into a pond. he went into the water to retrieve a hat that had blown off in the wind and proceeded to lose his beer at the same time. the man - dressed in camel-colored shorts and a green t-shirt - was then seen putting one leg up on the shoreline in a bid to
AC Milan face inter milan in a champions league quarter-final on sunday. the match was stopped after a hail of flares were thrown on the pitch. the 2005 clash was widely remembered for the chaotic scenes in which Brazilian goalkeeper dida was knocked to the ground by a flare. it was the second time in two seasons the sides had met in the knockout stages.
the 1986 world cup winner scored the winner during an exhibition match in bogota to support the peace process in Colombia. however the hot headed argentine lost his cool to kick out at a steward and a cameraman. the media swarm surrounding him after the match clearly got on his nerves.
arsene wenger says something must be done to solve fixture scheduling. arsenal's FA cup semi-final will clash with a key premier league title game. league leaders Chelsea take on manchester united at home. wenger also branded rumours that he will be replaced by borussia Dortmund manager jurgen Klopp as 'ridiculous'
callum wilson opened the scoring for the hosts in the fourth minute. aaron ramsey doubled the lead for reading in the second half. aaron ramsey pulled one back for the visitors before half-time. aaron ramsey pulled one back for the visitors before half-time.
Zlatan Ibrahimovic has been banned for four matches by french league. the striker lambasted a referee during his side's defeat at Bordeaux. he will miss games against Nice, Lille, metz and Nantes.
Luis suarez scored twice as barcelona beat psg 3-2 on wednesday. uruguayan striker has scored 13 goals in his last 14 games. suarez has scored six from six in the champions league.
Wayne rooney has revealed he is developing his own style of captaincy. the manchester united skipper has served under a number of big names. but he admits he has had to learn to be his own man. click here for all the latest manchester united news.
the unnamed worker was spotted on the roof 30-feet above the ground. a local resident noticed the man carrying out the work with a lack of safety equipment on the slippery tiles. a building expert said the man should have at least had scaffolding up.
Steven Gerrard will leave anfield at the end of the season. the midfielder has struggled to get into the side this season. but mignolet insists no one is talking about a dream send-off.
Boca juniors beat palestino 2-0 in the copa libertadores on tuesday. leandro Marin gave the argentinian giants the lead in the final minute. there was a lengthy delay in the second half meaning there was a significant amount of injury time. Jonatan calleri sealed all three points in the 11th minute of time added on.
binky has been in the cast of the hit e4 show since it first started. she has opened up her closet to give wannabe sloane rangers a helping hand. the 24-year-old says she loves faux fur and statement jewellery.
denis suarez scored a late winner for sevilla in the Europa league quarter-final tie against Zenit. aleksandr ryazantsev had given the visitors the lead in the first-half, before Carlos Bacca drew the home side level. fiorentina rescued a 1-1 draw away to Dynamo Kiev, with Khouma Babacar's stoppage-time leveller saving the italian team from a third straight defeat in all competitions
real estate heir and suspected murderer Robert durst, 71, sent a bizarre letter to a reporter covering his case in Louisiana. the letter, which was addressed 'Hiya Holly', shares no details about his alleged crime, but rambles on about life in southern california. durst was arrested last month for the suspected 2000 murder of his friend, writer Susan Berman, in los angeles.
Siem de Jong played 45 minutes for the club's under-21s on wednesday. the 26-year-old has been sidelined for eight months with a collapsed lung. de Jong is targeting a return to the first-team against Swansea later this month.
Jurgen Klopp will leave borussia dortmund in the summer. arsene wenger has long been a critic of the german boss. but Piers Morgan believes Klopp would do a better job at arsenal.
two french male tourists allegedly ignited an aerosol spray with a lighter causing a large flame to make contact with a quokka. the lucky little critter survived the reckless incident but was singed by the flame. both men aged 18 and 24, and both currently living in Cockburn central, were evicted from the island. they have each been charged with animal cruelty and will appear in Fremantle Magistrates court on April 17.
the annual survey from Deutsche bank has shown that for the fourth consecutive year, australians pay higher prices than are paid in any other place. the survey uses the purchasing power parity index to determine the relative price levels to the us dollar. it found that Australian prices are at 112 per cent of the us, meaning that we pay $1.12 to every $US1.
baggage handlers at miami international airport have been caught on camera stealing from passenger luggage. police installed a hidden camera at the airport to deal with the ongoing problem of luggage theft. airline customers have reported $2.5million in lost property from 2010 to 2014. 31 employees have been arrested for theft in Miami since 2012, including six this year.
Serie a club Parma have been deducted four points for breaching financial regulations. the sanction adds to the three they were penalised earlier in the season. the club were declared bankrupt last month and have not paid their players all season.
bianca gascoigne was mugged by a gang of eight on tuesday afternoon. the 28-year-old's phone reportedly contained private texts from her father. the former footballer's daughter was walking in Marylebone at the time. she later took to twitter to brand the muggers 'lowlifes on bikes'.
the 15-year-old girl was hit on entrance road in warrilla at about 1am. the driver can be heard beeping his horn at the girl before hitting into her with a horrifying thud. she suffered minor injuries and has already been released from hospital. a witness claimed the girl suffered grazing and a possible fracture, and was limping after the incident.
carmem dierks was running the dodgy practice in west orange county, florida. she is facing charges of practicing unlicensed dentistry and operating an unregistered dental lab. officers found hundreds of patient files, two dentist chairs, an x-ray machine and dental molds.
two-year-old and his mother kidnapped from home in des moines, washington. mother was stunned with a Taser and bound with plastic ties. she was then driven with her son to a house in Fife, scotland.
Shannen Hussein lives on a 30-acre hobby farm outside of Melbourne with over 150 pets. the 21-year-old takes photos and videos of her animals and shares them on social media. her lamb winter became an internet sensation after a video of him bounding down a hallway went viral.
Jurgen Klopp will leave borussia Dortmund at the end of the season. the 47-year-old was immediately installed as the bookmakers' favourite to replace manuel pellegrini at manchester city. the bookies have no plans to make such a move.
the duchess of cambridge’s younger sister was seen going for an early evening run in a London park. displaying her toned figure in a blue sports vest and patterned shorts with pink and grey trainers and a baseball cap.
Jonjo shelvey scored from 12 yards to rescue a point for Swansea. the former liverpool midfielder made no mistake from the spot. seamus Coleman handled in the penalty box after a challenge from marvin emnes.
Gerard Pique is preparing to play his 300th game for barcelona. the 28-year-old joined the club in 2008 from manchester united. spanish media have dedicated their front page to the defender.
everton drew 1-1 with swansea city in the premier league on saturday. the toffees were knocked out of the competition by russian side dynamo kiev. the gap between their status now and after 32 games last season is 25 points.
manchester united beat manchester city 4-1 at old trafford on saturday. united winger Ashley young scored the opening goal at old trafford. the 29-year-old also created two more goals for marouane fellaini and chris smalling.
Sergey bubka is battling with fellow vice-president Sebastian coe for the top job at athletics' world governing body. the 51-year-old launched his manifesto, entitled 'Taking athletics to new heights' in an internet broadcast.
the likes of manchester united and paris saint-germain are reportedly interested in signing the 31-year-old defender. however, the defender insists he is happy at the nou camp. last week, his agent said he had rejected a three-year contract extension.
barcelona will make a £50m bid for juve midfielder pogba, according to reports in spain. the catalan giants plan to let the 22-year-old stay in italy for a year on loan. lionel messi has recovered from swelling on his foot to start for barca.
aljaz bedene crashed out of the grand prix hassan II in casablanca. the world no 2 has switched allegiance from Slovenia to great britain. bedene was unable to dislodge rising Czech star Jiri Vesely.
Jordan spieth is the second youngest winner of all time at augusta. the 21-year-old held his nerve in Sunday's final round to win by four shots. he admitted that despite never giving up the lead, he was still a bag of nerves.
the 21-year-old finished 18 under to beat rose and Phil Mickelson by four shots. he became the second youngest ever Masters winner after Tiger woods in 1997. rose finished joint-second with Phil Mickelson on 14 under. world no 1 Rory McIlroy finished fourth after a closing 66.
a family in texas came home to find their front room infested with birds. according to the video maker, the birds came in through the chimney. the video maker initially thought the intruders were bats. but now believes they are birds and potentially sparrows.
the former world no 1 is marrying his long-term girlfriend in Dunblane. the pair have been together for 10 years after meeting at the 2005 us open. they got back together after a brief split in 2010 before announcing their engagement last year.
the dog named Foxxy cleopatra and the reptile called ryuu can be seen chasing after one another around a coffee table. without warning, the bearded dragon charges at full speed towards the dog and forces it to make a quick retreat. the video maker, named meo madeley, can then be heard laughing as the bearded dragon chases the dog in a circle.
Andy Murray is set to marry his long-term girlfriend in Dunblane on saturday. his current coach amelie mauresmo has announced that she is pregnant. the 27-year-old may have to alter her coaching schedule after the birth.
england hooker tom youngs sin-binned for a barge on chris ashton. he tried to return the favour but was nowhere near getting the ball. a moment of madness from youngs handed Saracens victory against the tigers.
england's leading wicket-taker is one shy of botham's record of 383. botham was tempted to bet on Anderson breaking his record on day three. Graeme Swann revealed how he used to wind up his former team-mate. moeen has been called up to the England squad for the remaining tests.
Spencer Gerlach, 20, told police he and his ex-wife Keltsie Gerlach were having a dispute on Wednesday afternoon that escalated into murder. when police arrived, Keltsie was found dead in the living room with stab wounds. the couple's 15-month-old daughter was unharmed in her crib and was asleep in the next room.
marland yarde scored the crucial try in the 70th minute at the staoop. the 22-year-old wing won the last of his seven caps as a replacement last autumn, but was overlooked by the english throughout the RBS 6 nations. ‘when we get back to winning he will get recognition again,’ said director of rugby conor o'Shea.
captain alastair cook failed with the bat on day three of the first test. england finished on 116-3 to lead by 220 runs at the end of the third day. opening partner Jonathan trott also failed with the bat on day three.
the match of the day pundit has been working hard in the gym. he posted a snap on twitter showing the progress he's made. the former Birmingham player has been described as marmite by sportsmail.
alastair cook failed with the bat once again in the first test in antigua. Jonathan trott also failed with the bat as england were bowled out for 295.
Spuran Spuran announced debut single 'Spurs!' in amusing music video. Kawhi Leonard, Patty mills, aron baynes and official mascot the coyote teamed up. the band's name is in reference to english rockers duran duran.
Indiana beat the Washington wizards 99-95 at the bankers life fieldhouse. c.j. miles scored 25 points as the Pacers kept playoff hopes alive. los angeles lakers beat the injury-depleted Phoenix suns 112-101.
st mary's have lost three of their last six games in all competitions. the saints have slipped out of the champions league places. but a change in approach from opponents has been the telling factor.
steph curry made 77 consecutive three-point attempts during practice. the 27-year-old shot from various angles to find the basket. however, one of his efforts bounced back off the rim and out.
arsenal beat burnley 1-0 at the emirates on saturday afternoon. it was the gunners eighth win in a row and they kept pressure on leaders chelsea. striker Olivier Giroud wants to continue the good run and challenge for the title.
Aaron Finch must recover from a hamstring injury if he is to play for Yorkshire again this summer. the australian had to retire hurt after a quick single for Mumbai Indians in their Indian premier league match against Rajasthan royals.
Christian Benteke believes it would be risky to suggest one more win will be enough to ensure survival for aston villa. the 24-year-old scored his eighth goal in six games for villa on saturday. villa are six points clear of queens park rangers in 18th.
Branislav Ivanovic was struck on the head by a cigarette lighter. the incident happened during the west london derby on sunday. the football association will be contacting both clubs over the incident.
Jamie Vardy scored an injury-time winner at the hawthorns on saturday afternoon. the striker struck past west brom goalkeeper boaz myhill in the closing stages of the match. the result lifts Leicester to within three points of safety in the barclays premier league table.
late goals from Robert Huth and Jamie Vardy secured a dramatic 3-2 victory against west bromwich albion on saturday. the victory was a week after the Foxes were beaten 2-1 by west ham at the hawthorns. manager Nigel Pearson believes his side's fate is still in their own hands.
Jamie Vardy scored an injury-time winner against west bromwich albion at the hawthorns on saturday afternoon. the result gives Leicester a slim chance of survival with seven games to play, five at home. the foxes are currently bottom of the premier league.
sunderland are 15th in the premier league table on 29 points. the black cats are seven points adrift of the relegation zone. aston villa are 16th after a 3-3 draw with queens park rangers. qpr have been dealt a reasonable hand but can they capitalise?
Chris Ramsey watched his side hold off league leaders for 88 minutes. however he then witnessed a late Cesc Fabregas winner at loftus road. the devastation was too much for the hoops manager to hide.
sunderland boss has signed a nine-game deal with the black cats. the 67-year-old celebrated his first home match with a 1-0 win over rivals Newcastle last weekend. he has refused to rule out staying on beyond the end of this season.
Carlton cole's contract expires at the end of the season. the striker is unsure if he will be offered a new deal by allardyce. the manager's contract expires in the summer and it is looking increasingly likely he will leave west ham.
the 2015 AT&T MLS all-star game will take place in the us on july 29. the fixture will be the only pre-season fixture that spurs play outside of europe. head coach Mauricio pochettino is looking forward to returning to the us.
west ham face champions manchester city at the etihad stadium on sunday. manuel pellegrini's side have lost four of their last six premier league games. midfielder Cheikhou Kouyate is wary of facing manuel pellegrini's side.
Lionel messi wants Celtic back in the champions league next season. the bhoys failed to qualify for the competition after losing 2-1 on aggregate to maribor in the play-off round in august. Celtic's Celtic park is famous for its electrifying atmosphere during Champions league nights.
marko arnautovic scored in the 95th minute to earn a point for the hosts. west ham had already had two goals ruled out for offside. it is the fourth time in a row a late goal has cost the ninth-placed hammers.
former west brom striker Jeff astle died aged 59 in 2002 from 'industrial disease' linked to repetitive head injuries sustained playing football. the FA and PFA promised a 10-year study to investigate the connection between head injuries and early on-set dementia. a mail on sunday investigation last year revealed the research was never carried out.
Daniel wass has been watched by Chelsea, Liverpool and Newcastle. the 25-year-old is available for around £3.5million. wass can play at right back, left back or either wing.
the Scottish professional football league has performed a u-turn. it has moved Rangers' final-day clash with hearts back to may 2. the decision was made after TV broadcaster sky decided to screen the match live but hibernian hit out at the change, claiming it would place the league's sporting integrity at risk.
Celtic face nearest rivals Aberdeen at Pittodrie on sunday, may 10. if both sides win all their games beforehand they could win the title. the Scottish premiership leaders have two Friday night fixtures against Dundee and st johnstone.
atletico madrid striker Mario mandzukic has denied claims that real madrid defender Daniel carvajal bit him. pictures showed carvajal's mouth close to the forearm of mandzukic. carvajal was asked by the spanish media if he had bitten mandzukic.
Rangers drew 1-1 with bottom side livingston at the energy assets arena. myles Hippolyte gave the visitors the lead after just two minutes. but Marius Zaliukas restored parity with a back-header two minutes later.
barcelona beat paris saint-germain 3-1 in the champions league on wednesday. two goals from suarez and an effort from lionel messi sealed the win. a deflected effort from Gregory van der wiel pulled one back for PSG.
everton striker Romelu lukaku will have a late fitness test on a hamstring problem. lukaku withdrew from the national squad because of the injury. midfielder darron Gibson is a doubt but Kevin mirallas and Steven pienaar are back in contention.
Luis suarez scored twice as barcelona beat paris saint-germain 3-1. suarez's second of the night was their 400th goal in the competition. the landmark has been achieved in 202 matches since 1992. barcelona still have a little way to go to catch real madrid's 436 goals.
angel rangel is in line for his first start for over two months at home to everton. rangel has not started since the end of January following the arrival of Kyle Naughton. winger Jefferson montero could make the bench after suffering a hamstring injury on international duty last month. striker Romelu lukaku remains a doubt for everton's trip to Swansea.
pictures have emerged of Raheem sterling smoking a shisha pipe. the england international arrived at training on Wednesday morning. he arrived in a white range rover and was pictured with a shisha pipe. sterling is expected to meet manager Brendan rodgers on thursday. rodgers questioned sterling's professionalism after footage emerged of him unconscious in his house in southport having taken nitrous oxide.
burnley host arsenal at turf moor in the premier league (saturday 3pm) midfielder matt Taylor could return from achilles injury lay-off. winger Ross Wallace and right-back Steven Reid could return for clarets. defenders Laurent Koscielny and wojciech szczesny face fitness tests.
Raheem sterling has been pictured on social media smoking a shisha pipe. the liverpool forward was caught on video inhaling the legal high nitrous oxide with two unnamed friends. sterling is expected to meet manager Brendan rodgers on Thursday. he will be reminded of his professional responsibilities and warned about the consequences of taking a drug that has been called 'hippy crack'
four-time Olympic champion will attempt to break cycling's hour record. he will race in front of a sell-out crowd at the Olympic Velodrome. the current hour record is 52.491km, set by australian Rohan Dennis.
former cricketer is chief executive of ONE pro cycling team. team confirmed in list of entrants for inaugural tour de Yorkshire. race will run over three stages starting in Bridlington on may 1.
australia batsman will also be available in the royal London cup. he will take over from Sri Lanka great Mahela Jayawardene. the 32-year-old has captained australia in both limited-overs formats.
Sam Bennett was involved in a mass pile-up in the final kilometre of the Scheldeprijs one day classic in belgium on monday. the 24-year-old was taken to hospital and suffered severe cuts on his back and shoulders. the former netapp-endura racer was in contention to improve on his fifth-place finish in 2014. team-mate Elia Viviani collided with a barrier and was taken to hospital complaining of pain in his arm.
Manchester united and Chelsea will take part in the international champions cup. the pre-season tournament will be played between July 11 and august 5. the likes of zlatan Ibrahimovic and fiorentina will also take part. the full details will be revealed at a press conference in new york.
Lionel messi opened the scoring for barcelona in the 14th minute. neymar doubled the lead in the 31st minute with a deflected shot. iker casillas equalised for sevilla in the 83rd minute.
Alberto bueno is the highest-scoring striker in la liga this season. the 27-year-old played for Derby on loan five years ago. he has now scored 17 goals for his former club, Rayo Vallecano. bueno could soon move to porto, coached by Julen lopetegui.
Inter Milan are set to turn to Lucas leiva and Alex song if they fail to sign Jovetic and toure from manchester city. the serie a side are also interested in chelsea's lukas podolski. mancini said: 'if he wants to have an experience in italy then there is this possibility he could come here'.
Bradley wiggins failed to win his final race with team sky in the paris-roubaix. the 2012 tour de france winner is quitting the team in order to ride for his own squad, 'wiggins'. german John degenkolb produced the perfect race to cross the line first.
Daniel staurridge picked up a knock against blackburn last week. the striker was left out of the squad entirely for the game at anfield. manager Brendan rodgers said he will have his fitness monitored.
Dirk kuyt is returning to former club Feyenoord next season. the 34-year-old signed a one-year contract with the club. but he said his stay in the top-flight will likely be longer.
a 3-0 derby victory at home to levante lifted the Singapore-owned club to within a point of the champions with seven games left. the top three places carry a berth in the champions league group stage. fourth earns a place in qualifying for the elite club competition.
barcelona threw away a two-goal lead away to sevilla, letting real madrid in and just two points off second in la liga. real have a fully fit squad for the champions league clash against rivals atletico madrid on tuesday. in italy, bottom club Parma beat Serie a leaders Juventus 1-0 at the Stadio Ennio Tardini.
Utrecht winger Edouard duplan had no idea he had been substituted. referee blew on 24 minutes amid confusion Utrecht had an extra man on the pitch and marched over to duplan. duplan protested but suddenly seemed to realise substitute Tommy Oar was now on the pitch.
Mouscron had a partnership with Lille but that is now set to end. the french side are now poised to link up with another Belgian club, Ostend. that leaves room for a new deal and Chelsea are the preferred option.
arsene wenger's side have now won eight in a row in all competitions. the gunners have won at sunderland, manchester city and now burnley. the only exception was a 3-2 defeat at home to manchester united.
Jordan spieth shot a 66 to finish 36 holes at a 14-under 130. he has the largest halfway lead in Masters history. spieth is five strokes behind leader charley Hoffman.
dustin Johnson became the first man ever to have three eagles in one round. the 21-year-old followed his 64 with a 66 to set a new 36-hole record total of 14 under par. it also tied the lowest 36-hole total seen in a major, set by three others.
derry mathews was set to face richar abril for the interim WBA world title. abril pulled out of their date on the 18th of april due to illness. mathews will instead face venezuelan Ismael barroso.
the wedding of the year takes place in his hometown of Dunblane on saturday. the couple met when the pair were teenagers during the us open in 2005. the couple got back together in 2010 following a brief split.
Josh warrington will be accompanied into the ring by vinnie Jones. the featherweight boxer will have his eye on a world title in the next 12 months. here, sportsmail looks at some of the other celebrities that have added some sparkle to ring walks.
Danny Garcia is set to fight lamont peterson in a non-title bout on saturday. the light welterweight champion has an extra toe on his right foot. the 27-year-old stripped off his sock to reveal his secret weapon.
xabi alonso has his sights set on winning the champions league with three clubs. the spaniard is only the second player to have won it with three clubs. seedorf won the title four times in his career - 1995 with ajax, 1998 with real madrid and 2003 and 2007 with AC Milan. alonso's side face porto in the first leg at the dragao on wednesday night.
real madrid won their 10th european cup last season. Benzema believes his side are capable of retaining the champions league. real face atletico madrid in the champions league on tuesday.
showtime has released a promotional video from within the mayweather camp. the short film takes inside the gym with the undefeated american as he prepares for the biggest fight the sport has ever witnessed. mayweather is down to within three-and-a-half pounds of the welterweight limit.
atletico madrid face real madrid in the champions league on tuesday. manager Diego simeone recently signed a new four-year contract. simeone's new deal ties him to the club until 2019. the argentine has imposed his incredible work ethic on his players.
Leonardo Jardim and arsene wenger fell out at the Emirates last month. wenger refused to shake the hand of the Monaco coach after their 3-1 victory in the second round first leg tie. now, the Ligue 1 boss believes his side are a better team than arsenal. 'they deserve to be here and we deserve respect,' says Jardim.
Manny Pacquiao takes to Instagram to thank his fans for their support. the 36-year-old is gearing up for his bout with Floyd mayweather on may 2. the fight is set to become the richest in boxing history.
the 31-year-old has scored six champions league goals this season. he is worshipped at the Juventus stadium and is expected to deliver on tuesday. massimiliano allegri is hoping to end 19 years of champions league hurt.
Jose mauri scored the only goal of the game on the hour mark. a string of fine saves from Parma goalkeeper Antonio mirante also helped. it was only the second defeat of the campaign for massimiliano allegri's side.
real madrid host rivals atletico madrid in their champions league quarter-final first leg on Tuesday. los blancos boss Carlo ancelotti has hailed coach Diego simeone as one of the best coaches in the world. the italian admits facing simeone is both an 'honour' and a 'problem'. ancelotti has a fully fit squad to choose from ahead of the derby clash.
former manchester united and city striker says it is harder to score goals in Serie a than the premier league. the argentine has scored 36 goals in the italian top flight this season. he blasted the midfield as 'non-existent' and said defending is better in italy.
juve coach massimiliano allegri expects a 'boring' match against AS Monaco in the champions league quarter-final first leg on Tuesday. allegri believes both sides will adopt a cautious approach. 'the important thing is not to concede a goal at home, that's all the same to me,' said allegri.
Gary bowyer believes blackburn should brace themselves for interest. the championship side were knocked out of the FA cup by liverpool. bowyer has rejected advances for strikers Jordan Rhodes and Rudy gestede.
Rangers top scorer Nicky law is a £500,000 target for a trio of clubs. law's representatives have fielded calls from ten english clubs. he scored twice in the 4-0 rout of Raith Rovers on sunday. law also the target of interest from bolton boss Neil lennon and huddersfield.
Bournemouth moved four points clear at the top of the championship with a win against Brighton at the amex stadium. they set a club record 106 goals in all competitions, beating 104 from the 1956-57 and 1928-29 seasons. in doing so they set a club record 106 goals in all competitions, beating 104 from the 1956-57 and 1928-29 seasons.
english referee mark clattenburg will take charge of psg vs barcelona. he will be assisted by an all-english team including assistants Simon Beck and Jake collin, additional assistants Anthony Taylor and andre marriner and fourth official Stuart burt. fellow top official Martin atkinson not selected for this round of fixtures.
Bayern Munich face porto in the champions league quarter-finals. pep guardiola is bidding to reach his sixth semi-final in his six years as a manager. he got lionel messi on side after standing up for him at the 2008 olympics.
the 26th anniversary of the disaster unfolded during an FA cup semi-final between Liverpool and Nottingham forest. 96 red balloons commemorate the 96 supporters who lost their lives at the hillsborough disaster 26 years ago. supporters from both Liverpool and everton attended the memorial service at anfield.
Luis suarez scored twice as barcelona beat psg 3-1 on tuesday. the former liverpool striker scored his 1,000th goal in european competition. suarez's first goal was barcelona's 1,000th in european competition.
Stephen dodd took a photograph of solicitors asif bodi and abubakar bhula. he wrote:'muslims praying at half time at the match yesterday #DISGRACE' dodd tried to defend himself by saying he was a long-standing fan of the club. police investigated incident after receiving complaints from web users.
police say they have no objections to the 4pm kick-off at old trafford. the decision was agreed by all parties and is down to good behaviour. inside the ground fans in and close to the away end will be limited to two drinks every time they visit the bar. police will also be searching supporters and keeping an eye out for pyrotechnics.
Jurgen Klopp has told borussia Dortmund he wants to leave the club. the 47-year-old has been at the club for seven successful years. former mainz coach Thomas tuchel is in the frame to take over.
Luis suarez scored twice as barcelona beat paris saint-germain 3-0. the former liverpool striker has now scored 17 goals for the season. suarez has scored 10 in his last 11 games for the catalan giants.
Raheem sterling has been pictured smoking from a shisha pipe. the england midfielder has been linked with a move to barcelona. the 20-year-old was pictured smoking from a balloon filled with nitrous oxide. click here for more transfer news.
Zlatan Ibrahimovic scored a hat trick as paris saint-germain beat saint-etienne 4-1. the striker has now scored 102 goals for the french champions. argentine winger ezequiel lavezzi added the other goal.
Emir spahic could face a lengthy ban after appearing to fight with stewards. the 34-year-old was substituted in the 90th minute with an ankle injury. amateur footage from after the game shows spahic involved in an altercation with stewards along the side of the pitch.
blackburn goalkeeper Simon eastwood almost scored a dramatic late equaliser when he went up for a stoppage-time corner. the goalkeeper's shot was straight at goalkeeper Simon mignolet, who parried the ball and grabbed it as it threatened to spin over the line. blackburn were eliminated from the competition after a hard-fought quarter-final replay at Ewood park.
toulon defeated wasps 32-18 in the european rugby champions cup. captain Carlhayman admitted his side 'have a lot of work to do'. toulon will host leinster at Marseille's stade Velodrome on sunday.
will stevens has yet to turn a wheel in anger for his new team in either qualifying or the race in the opening two formula one events of the year. the 23-year-old missed final practice and qualifying in Malaysia due to a fuel system issue. stevens is confident the problem that struck in Malaysia will not reoccur at the Shanghai international circuit.
british taekwondo star Aaron cook has been granted citizenship by Moldova. the 24-year-old plans to fight for them at the 2016 olympics in rio. he was overlooked for the gb taekwondo squad at London 2012.
Nathan Hughes' knee collided with the head of George north on march 27. the winger crossed the line to score a try for northampton at Franklin's gardens. wasps no 8 was initially suspended for three matches for the incident. but that dismissal has now been officially rescinded on appeal.
michael phelps was banned from swimming in september for drink-driving. the 29-year-old will return to the pool in arizona next week.'my suspension is finally up! time to get back in the pool and race again!' he wrote on his official twitter account.
toulon defeated wasps 24-16 in their final Champions cup match. new zealand's Ali Williams scored a late try to put the game beyond doubt. samuel eto'o kicked a late penalty for the hosts.
it has been 88 years since the Royals last reached the last-four juncture. the royals face arsenal in the semi-final at wembley on saturday. Steve Clarke has told his players not to get caught up in the occasion. 'it is not about playing the occasion, we're playing arsenal,' he said.
Caroline wozniacki was spotted watching a basketball game in Indiana on monday. the world no 5 was joined in the stands by NFL star J.J. Watt. the pair watched the game between the Duke blue devils and the university of Wisconsin's badgers.
winger dislocated his elbow in castleford's 25-4 win over hull kr. coach daryl Powell said he will be out for six to eight weeks.
Andrea Pirlo and francesco Totti should join Pablo Osvaldo at Boca. the pair are hugely popular and would be a good fit for the argentine side. the 29-year-old has scored three goals in six games for the club.
Caroline wozniacki was invited to the white house on monday to take part in the annual Easter Egg Roll. the world no 5 played tennis with us president Barack Obama. the event was broadcast on the popular talk show live! with Kelly and michael.
manchester city host manchester united in the premier league derby. both teams are in contrasting form ahead of the clash at old trafford. sportsmail looks at how a composite xi of the sides might take shape.
milinda gunasekera was flying home from a holiday in Chile on October 29. he was changing flights at Auckland airport when he downed a bottle of vodka. the 32-year-old then allegedly groped a female passenger's breast.
incident occurred at Ben-gurion international airport in israel. six passengers escaped without injury. investigators are investigating how and why the fire broke out.
William 'Frankie' dugan, 29, and 32-year-old Valerie ojo allegedly performed sex acts on two children aged five and six. the couple were charged in march after they allegedly committed forcible sodomy, incest and exploitation against the children. police in Muskogee, Oklahoma announced on Wednesday that they were searching for other potential victims.
van gaal says he has been dreaming of beating rivals city in the derby. the manchester united boss says van persie is not yet fit enough to play. van gaal's side take on city at old trafford on sunday. click here for all the latest manchester united news.
manchester united face local rivals manchester city at old trafford. louis van gaal's side are currently one point ahead of city. van gaal lost his first encounter with city last November.
manuel pellegrini says he is not impressed by manchester united's rise. the city boss singles out the club's expensive signings. he also feels that daley blind is a key part of united's squad. city have lost five of their last seven games in all competitions.
city have won the last four contests between the sides, as well as the previous three at old trafford. a defeat to cross-town rivals would push chairman Khaldoon al mubarak closer to pressing the termination button. a win would inject some happiness into what seems a rather glum situation and reignite ambitions to finish second. a win would dispel any lingering doubts about louis van gaal.
Jermain Defoe gave sunderland the lead in the wear-tyne derby. the striker scored a stunning 20-yard volley before half-time. goalkeeper Tim Krul congratulated Defoe before handing him a fist pump. former liverpool defender Jamie carragher said it was a mistake.
sunderland beat Newcastle 1-0 in the wear-tyne derby on sunday. jermain Defoe scored a stunning 20-yard volley in the first half. the striker has compared the feeling of scoring the winner to scoring at the world cup.
jermain Defoe puts sunderland ahead in the 45th minute with a left-footed volley. former tottenham striker scores his third goal of the season in the north east derby. steven gerrard equalises for the home side with a deflected free-kick.
Jermain Defoe scored a stunning volley in first-half stoppage time. victory moved sunderland three points clear of the relegation zone. head coach John carver admitted he was 'embarrassed' by the defeat.
australian baseball player, 22, was shot in the back with a.22 calibre handgun. he was jogging along a street in the rural southern Oklahoma city of Duncan in august 2013 when he was shot in the back with a.22 calibre handgun. chancey luna, 17, was charged with first-degree murder. family and friends listened to the frantic seven-minute 911 emergency call made by witnesses who tried to save their son's life.
Wayne rooney has been returned to his preferred position up front at manchester united. the 29-year-old had previously been deployed in midfield. prior to the win over Tottenham, rooney stood before his team-mates in manchester's lowry hotel and delivered an impassioned call-to-arms.
boy, who cannot be named, must stay in care of local authority due to poor dental health. details emerge about ruling at a family court hearing in reading, Berkshire. judge said boy's parents accepted he suffered from 'poor dental hygiene'
sunderland beat Newcastle 1-0 at the stadium of light on sunday. jermain Defoe scored a stunning volley in the 45th minute. the striker admits he had to question whether it was even happening. sunderland are now three points clear of the relegation zone.
liverpool striker Mario balotelli has been subjected to 4,000 racist messages. balotelli's team-mate Daniel staurridge and arsenal striker Danny welbeck have also each received more than a thousand discriminatory messages. kick it out estimates there have been 134,000 discriminatory posts this season with 39,000 of them directed towards premier league players.
Adam peaty has broken the men's 100m breast stroke world record. his time of 57.92 seconds beats the previous record of 58.46 set by south african Cameron van der Burgh in the same venue at the 2012 Olympics. peaty has spoken of his delight that his hard work and training have paid off.
lady sasima Srivikorn is co-chairman of championship side reading. she is also a singer and composer who wrote the theme song for the Asian games. the 70-year-old says her daughter and son-in-law instigated a peaceful demonstration after seeing the former wife of ex-thai prime minister. three men armed with M16 automatic weapons fired on her house in north-east Thailand in 2014. the incident was provoked by the political activities of her daughter
every woman surveyed in paris claimed to have been a victim of sexual harassment on the city’s public transport. half of them were assaulted before they were 18 years old. the poll led to calls for a campaign to stem sexist or threatening behaviour on buses and trains.
former footballer made his presenting debut as a co-host on home under the hammer on monday morning. the 45-year-old looked to help a brother and sister-in-law put some life into a three bedroom semi-detached house in dartford. home under the hammer airs weekdays on BBC1 at 10am.
pekingese dogs left to play in front garden of their home in doncaster. but they were snatched when owners Adele and Steven Worgan weren't looking. neighbours believe they have caught culprit on CCTV footage.
daley blind, marcos rojo, michael carrick and michael carrick are all injured. marcos rojo, daley blind and daley blind are also missing through injury. manchester united face chelsea at stamford bridge on saturday.
Shay given will start for aston villa against liverpool at wembley on sunday. the 38-year-old has played in all four of villa's FA cup matches this season. given has been selected each round of the competition, beginning under paul lambert.
blackpool fans protested against the ownership of the club last week. supporters pelted the Bloomfield road reception with eggs and flares. a group also travelled to the Oyston home near waddington to vent their fury.
manchester united face chelsea at stamford bridge on saturday. the red devils are on a six-game winning streak in the premier league. captain Wayne rooney made the trip to London via stockport railway station.
Philippe Coutinho joined Liverpool from inter Milan for £8.5million in 2013. the brazilian playmaker has starred for the reds this season. he has been nominated for the pfa player of the season award.
Luke Shaw thought he had done OK against arsenal in the FA cup. but he was substituted at half time and louis van gaal was unimpressed. the £28million defender has not played since and was withdrawn from the recent england squad. he has turned to united’s psychologist to declutter his mind.
papiss cisse and moussa sissoko are both serving bans at the club. but carver says he's enjoying his job and believes he's getting the best out of the players. the 50-year-old has managed just two wins in 14 games in all competitions.
Chris zebroski has been jailed for four years and four months. the 28-year-old admitted four charges relating to two incidents. the striker played for the league two side as recently as Tuesday.
arsenal midfielder has warned his english team-mates to beware of overtaking them in the FIFA rankings. Wales climbed to 22, their highest-ever position in football's world order, in the April rankings to move within eight places of english. the gunners are currently unbeaten in group b of the euro 2016 qualifying.
Leeds beat reigning champions stamford bridge 41-16 on friday night. teenage winger Ash Handley scored a hat-trick of tries for the visitors. the 19-year-old has now scored six tries in just six super league games.
Mesut Ozil joined arsenal in the summer of 2013. the german midfielder was injured for three months in january. but he says he is now playing his best football since joining the club. the 26-year-old puts his improved form down to strength training.
warning: graphic content. elephants invaded village in india, destroying crops and houses. one became violent as people tried to coax them back into the forest. man, 50, was knocked to the ground after desperately trying to outrun animal. he scrambles to his feet and survives a second charge from the angry animal.
four people died after a small twin-engine plane crashed in woodland in florida. the pilot declared an emergency shortly before the plane crashed. eye-witnesses say they knew something was wrong as the plane came into land. the cause of the crash is not yet known.
green-eyed moggy was rescued by the shelter in bydgoszcz, northern poland, in October after he contracted an inflamed respiratory tract infection. veterinarian Lucyna Kuziel-zawalich took care of him and eventually adopted him as a permanent member of the animal hospital.
the recorded cell phone conversation, which the company released to reporters, shows John Hargrove using the N-word seven times while talking on the phone with a female friend. in the five-minute video, Hargrove discusses an incident in which five black men allegedly threw a rock at the woman speaking on the other line that she said hit the back of her head. 'didn't you think it was risky to say that to those five n****rs?', he ask
former chairman of Bradford city was linked to eight other fires. book claims devastating fire was not an accident and was not started deliberately. high court judge said fire was not started deliberately and was caused by a discarded cigarette.
the fire began around 11:30 a.m. Sunday on tupper street in downtown buffalo. police evacuated two buildings as smoke came out of manholes. the second of three explosions sent one of the manhole covers 200 to 300 feet into the air.
video maker and artist used four plastic cups and a marker pen to create his creation. the video was initially uploaded to reddit by the user named toper-centage. he claims to have been influenced by Japanese comics.
the seven women and five men who voted to find the 25-year-old guilty of murder say it was a heart-wrenching decision, but one they made in confidence. when asked if they knew who Hernandez was before the trial, most raised their hands. only one juror, Rosalie Oliver, didn't know of the tight end who had a $40million contract with the local NFL team. juror Kelly Dorsey says she locked eyes with Hernandez as the verdict was being read on Wednesday.
Brian the lar gibbon was videoed by a visitor to the lake district wildlife park near Keswick. the seven-second video shows the 50-year-old primate sneaking across in its enclosure. it has been compared to running across the landing naked when you forget your towel.
Gemma the pit bull was filmed at home in california being fed some treats. but in a bid to trick her, her owner throws a broccoli spear into the mix. Immediately the canine pulls a look of disgust as she chomps on the vegetable.
dullel Kassab fled to Raqqa in Syria with her children last year. she regularly boasts on twitter that her four-year-old daughter and two-year-old son sleep with toy guns next to their beds. the children's paternal grandparents say they are worried Kassab is 'brainwashing' the children, after their father was killed near the Syria-Turkey border last year.
the bronze sculpture of the wife of china's first ruler has been worn down. tourists have been fondling the woman's exposed breast for 10 years. locals accuse tourists of having a lack of respect for culture, but admit the behaviour is unlikely to change.
Kristina Patrick from Alaska filmed her german shepherd, Pakak. video footage shows the pup lying on her back with a tennis ball. she then proceeds to lift it into the air being careful not to drop it.
blackpool are in talks to sign defender Thomas piermayr from Colorado rapids. the 25-year-old has been training with the championship club this week. former Austria u21 international had spell with inverness caledonian thistle.
Jessica ennis-hill won heptathlon gold at the 2012 london games. the 29-year-old has not competed since 2013 to become a mother. ennis-hill will compete in the Sainsbury's anniversary games.
Aaron Ramsey scored the only goal of the game against burnley. he dedicated his goal to his late Gran who passed away a few weeks ago.'my gran passed away a few weeks ago and she meant an awful lot to me. we had a great relationship,' he said.
the dog's coat was trimmed to resemble a lion when its owners sent it to the groomers. according to the dog's owner, the thick coat had become uncomfortable. owner decided to have half its coat shaved to give it a new look. the video maker laughs hysterically while filming his pet at home.
Evangelos patoulidis is one of the best talents to emerge from anderlecht's youth set-up. the 14-year-old playmaker has also attracted attention from arsenal and barcelona. manuel pellegrini is looking to build for the future by signing the playmaker.
manchester city will resist any attempt by Valencia to pull out of a £24million deal for alvaro negredo to fund a move for Radamel falcao. reports in spain suggested that Valencia are having second thoughts about keeping the striker next season. but city are adamant that the deal will go through as planned.
the blood parrot cichlid was filmed by owner Roland Giroux. he cups the fish with his fingers and massages it with his finger. the fish swims away from the man's hand before returning to be massaged.
teacher Aaron galloway, 23, was on half-term city break to prague. left £499 Nikon on seat as he landed but there was no sign of it. when he got home, he went on ebay to find a replacement. found seller Fernando Miguel andrade viseu had sold 118 items in months. thief begged Aaron not to tell police and said he would lose his job.
Mauricio pochettino believes another season in the Europa league could hamper Tottenham's hopes of breaking into the top four. the white hart lane club's chances of qualifying for next season's champions league look over following poor results against burnley and aston villa. pochettino has told Newcastle boss John carver that escaping criticism is impossible as a manager.
Rory McIlroy and Tiger woods were paired together for the final round. but neither could mount a challenge for the green jacket at augusta. the world no 1 shot a final round of 66 to finish on 12 under par.
angelique kerber beats american Madison keys 6-2, 4-6, 7-5 in the final of the family circle cup in Charleston. this was the german's fourth title and first since 2013. the 20-year-old broke serve five times against an opponent who hadn't lost serve all week.
maria shrapova pulled out of this weekend's fed cup semi-final with a leg injury. the 27-year-old had been due to play in the semi-final against germany. the world no 2 said she was'really looking forward' to playing in sochi.
Jon flanagan's contract at liverpool is set to expire this summer. the 22-year-old has not played a minute of first-team football in 11 months. he suffered a knee injury just before the start of the season.
the 28-year-old won her third successive doubles title with Hingis. she beat casey dellacqua and darija jurak 6-0, 6-4 in just 57 minutes. mirza is the first Indian woman to climb to the top of the rankings.
Lewis Hamilton won the chinese grand prix ahead of team-mate nico rosberg. former world champion Mika hakkinen says the briton was right to be selfish. 'if you are leading a race that's a fantastic place to be and what goes in your mind when you are leading into finish the race first, that's what you do,' said hakkinen.
Lewis Hamilton and his team-mate Nico Rosberg have been reminded of their responsibilities to the team following the tension that rose in china on sunday. the pair finished one-two at the Shanghai international circuit. 'when you have intense competition it's normal it causes emotions to run high,' said Mercedes boss toto wolff.
toto wolff says he may have to make 'an unpopular call' for his drivers. comes in the wake of Nico rosberg moaning over the team radio during the Chinese grand prix about how slow team-mate Lewis Hamilton was driving. 'if we are risking a race win against Ferrari we would make an unpopular call, not to freeze everything, but manage them more,' he said.
Lewis Hamilton won the Chinese grand prix in Shanghai on sunday. team-mate Nico Rosberg criticised the mercedes driver after the race. but the german insists he is prepared for any tactics Rosberg uses.
Tom Varndell scored a hat-trick as wasps beat exiles 40-13 at the Kassam. tries from Varndell, Ashley Johnson, Sailosi tagicakibau and alapati leiua sealed victory. Welsh trailed 12-5 at half-time after opeti fonua bundled over.
Lewis Hamilton and nico rosberg have both had their say on the row. the two drivers had a row after the Chinese grand prix on sunday. rosberg said his team-mate had been'selfish' by slowing down. the german said he was bunched up closer to the Ferrari of Sebastian vettel.
Aaron cook has had his citizenship change ratified by the british Olympic association. the 24-year-old has not competed for GB since missing out on selection for London 2012.
Raheem sterling has been pictured smoking a shisha pipe with team-mate Jordon Ibe earlier this season. he is not the first premier league star to be involved in such controversy. here, sportsmail details five other misbehaving stars involved in similar incidents away from the field.
Mike Ashley owns 9.8 per cent of the scottish giants. but he is prohibited from going over 10 per cent by agreement with the club. two of his closest associates sat as directors until last month's meeting.
grey will feature heavily in the european champions' shirts for next year. the pink touches from this season's shirts will also be dropped. the away kit will feature yellow trim and a greyed-out badge.
Celtic beat Kilmarnock 4-1 in the scottish championship on tuesday night. leigh Griffiths scored a hat-trick after just 19 minutes at celtic park. the former hibernian striker is now eight points clear at the top of the table.
Leicester host Swansea in the premier league on saturday afternoon. the foxes are just three points from safety after back-to-back wins. boss Nigel Pearson has urged his players to focus on their own jobs.
18-time Olympic champion michael phelps confirmed his intention to make one last run at the Olympics on wednesday. he will be competing in his first meet since serving a six-month suspension by USA swimming after a second drunken driving arrest last fall. but he won't be swimming at the world meet in Russia in august as part of the punishment set forth by the sport's governing body.
Michael Phelps is entering in five events at this week's arena pro swim series in mesa, arizona. it will be his first meet since serving a six-month ban following a drunk-driving conviction. it has attracted some of the top u.s. swimmers, including his chief rival Ryan lochte, who is entered in the same five events.
Obama said he 'had to say hi' to the world-class sprinter when he became the first american president to visit the island since 1982. he asked the six-time Olympic champion to show him the pose before striking his trademark 'lightning pose'.
Juan mata has collected his player of the month award from manchester united. the midfielder scored both goals as united beat liverpool 2-1. mata also produced an impressive display against spurs.
Emmanuel adebayor has been linked with a move away from white hart lane. the 31-year-old striker took to twitter to express his gratitude at being able to play in the premier league. the togo international has made just 16 appearances in all competitions this season and scored only twice.
Edwin van der Sar is convinced louis van gaal will bring glory days back to manchester united. united head to Chelsea on Saturday in top form, having won six successive matches. van gaal revealed this week that he started planning in January for players he wanted to bring in this summer.
louis van gaal was stunned to find players could not train after dark. he immediately ordered the installation of floodlights at the swish complex. van gaal is keen to replicate match conditions during training sessions.
maria shrapova will play for her country in the Fed Cup semi-finals. the world no 2 rarely plays in the team event due to a busy schedule. she will face germany in the semi-finals in sochi next week.
world no 3 will marry his long-term girlfriend in Dunblane on saturday. he posted a hilarious series of 'emojis' on twitter on friday. the pair met at the 2005 us open and announced their engagement last year.
Wolfsburg beat Freiburg 1-0 to reach the german cup semi-finals. defender Ricardo Rodriguez scored the winner from the penalty spot. he also scored twice in the win over Stuttgart at the weekend.
usain bolt will be part of the Jamaican team at the world relays. the race will take place in the Bahamas on may 2 and 3. the six-time olympic gold medallist insists he always does 'his best to make his country proud'
Emmanuel Adebayor is out of favour at white hart lane under Mauricio pochettino. togolese striker's wages will prove a key factor this summer. spurs are willing to subsidise a percentage of the striker's wages. click here for all the latest transfer news with our live updates.
andre schurrle scored his first goal since joining from chelsea in february. the former chelsea forward thanked Wolfsburg supporters for their patience. the 24-year-old admitted not scoring for the german side was 'eating away' at him.
David luiz was nutmegged twice by uruguayan striker suarez in the build-up to the uruguayan's two goals. the former england defender suffered a hamstring injury 10 days ago but hoddle believes he still showed his naivety even if he wasn't fully fit. he said: 'even if you're not 100 per cent fit you can't show that
Torpedo fans displayed a banner with a nazi symbol during their 3-1 win over arsenal on sunday. the punishment will not take effect until may because the club are already required to play their next two home games behind closed doors. the club's previous three racism offenses this season all involved monkey chants against opposition players.
pep guardiola's side lost 3-1 to porto in the champions league quarter-final first leg on wednesday night. the german champions flew back to bavaria on thursday the day after the defeat. a glum-looking guardiola was pictured at the airport ready to board their flight back to bavaria.
Christian Benteke scored a hat-trick for aston villa against queens park rangers. the Belgian striker admits he has only taken a handful of free-kicks. he admits he even surprised himself by finding the back of the net.
pep guardiola's side were outplayed 3-1 by porto in the champions league. he remains manchester city's first choice to replace manuel pellegrini. a quarter-final exit in the champions league could persuade city to let him go.
AC milan's under-10 team allegedly subjected to heckling and racist abuse. it happened during Sunday's 4-0 win over psg in the universal cup. the club says it 'truly hopes that these reports aren't true'.
kick it out has welcomed the successful prosecution of a supporter. John wild was found guilty of racially abusing former dartford keeper Jason brown. the 32-year-old criticised a number of bodies, including kick it out and the football association, for not doing enough to help him.
porto beat bayern munich 3-1 in the first leg of their champions league quarter-final. two goals from Ricardo quaresma and another from Jackson Martinez saw pep guardiola's side lose 3-1 in the first leg. porto will now face the german giants in the return leg next week.
wigan defeated warrington 30-20 in the super league derby on saturday. coach shaun wane was pleased with the return of forward ben flower. flower was sent off in the Warriors' grand final defeat by st Helens.
Oriol Romeu goes up against sportsmail's Martin Keown to predict the scores for the weekend's premier league and FA cup matches. Romeu is currently on loan at Bundesliga side Stuttgart. the spaniard is currently on a season-long loan at the club.
Sam Tomkins is to cut short his stay in the nrl with new zealand warriors. the 2012 super league man of steel will rejoin wigan on a four-year contract. chairman Ian lenagan made the announcement at half-time of Thursday night's first utility super league derby with warrington.
Kevin pietersen has scored a comprehensive win in the PR battle with the ECB without any help from outside experts. agent Adam wheatley insists everything has been done in-house since the brief involvement of former sun editor David Yelland during KP's supposed reintegration into the england team. the ECB must sort out what exactly Andy Flower is doing to earn £300,000-a-year as technical director of elite coaching.
manchester city midfielder james milner could leave on a free transfer. chelsea's lukas podolski could leave on a free in the summer. arsenal's lukas podolski could leave on a free in the summer. liverpool's Glen Johnson looks set to end his six-year spell at anfield. aston villa's Ronvlaar could leave on a free in the summer.
former qpr chairman has been linked with a move to league one side. he has registered as a director of a new company set up in west yorkshire. the company was originally set up with Mauro Milanese named as director but Milanese’s name has been removed.
Nigel Pearson has turned to former manager Howard Wilkinson for advice. the ex-sheffield Wednesday boss had been a mentor for Pearson before this season. the foxes have beaten west ham and west brom in their last two games.
winger Dom manfredi scored a hat-trick for the second time in five days. the 21-year-old touched down three times in wigan's 34-0 win over catalans dragons. winger Ben flower made his return from a six-month ban.
Diafra sakho limped off during west ham's 1-1 draw with Stoke city. the 25-year-old tore a thigh muscle and is set to miss the rest of the season. the striker has scored 12 goals for west ham this season.
real madrid drew 0-0 with city rivals atletico madrid in the champions league. gareth bale missed a one-on-one chance to give the visitors the lead. bale was verbally abused by fans outside the club's training ground on wednesday. it comes almost a month after the world's most expensive footballer's white Bentley was attacked by fans.
Alex Oxlade-chamberlain is struggling to recover from a groin injury. the arsenal midfielder has been ruled out of the FA cup semi-final. manager arsene wenger hopes he could be back in full training next week.
Jenna louise driscoll, 25, was due to appear at Brisbane magistrates court on Monday but didn't show. police issued an arrest warrant after she failed to appear in court. she was charged last year with three counts of bestiality, along with charges of trafficking and possession of a dangerous drug. she was remanded on bail to appear at the court last week, and did not show, and again on Monday.
Nicola salerno has resigned from his role as sporting director at Leeds. salerno's departure comes six days after assistant head coach Steve Thompson was suspended by the club. Massimo cellino has been banned from having any executive influence at Elland road until may 4 due to a tax conviction in italy.
aidan Coleman rides well-backed The Druids Nephew at aintree on saturday. the eight-year-old is a 12-1 shot for the £1million steeplechase. as a 20-year-old, Coleman chose to ride seventh fence faller Stan.
Sam allardyce's contract expires at the end of the season but he feels his work at Upton park is far from done. the west ham starting xi included six summer signings with Carl Jenkinson and Alex song the only ones to have played in the premier league before. marko arnautovic scored a 95th-minute equaliser to once again see west ham lose points late on in a game.
Tim sherwood returned to white hart lane with aston villa on saturday. he recorded a hugely important 1-0 victory against Tottenham. sherwood is renowned for his fiery displays on the touchline. but how did he fare during one of the more emotive fixtures for him?
garry monk has been keeping a close eye on spanish striker michu. the 29-year-old spent last season on loan at italian outfit napoli. monk will hold talks with michu before making decision on his future.
atletico madrid drew 2-2 with malaga in la liga on saturday. Fernando Torres scored his first ever league own goal. Antoine Griezmann scored twice to earn a 2-2 draw.
gareth bale, Iker casillas, toni kroos, james rodriguez and gareth bale are all out of the clash with eibar. if barcelona beat sevilla then they're 'halfway to la liga,' according to Mundo deportivo. marca say that Sergio Rico has been given the task of stopping barca's formidable trio of suarez, suarez and messi.
Garry monk believes a strong finish will put a different slant on everton's season. the swansea boss wants his former side to continue their impressive form. monk is determined to stop former manager Roberto Martinez profiting at his old liberty stadium stomping ground.
Cristiano Ronaldo opened the scoring in the 21st minute with a free-kick. the 30-year-old had not scored a free-kick in over a year. javier 'Chicharito' Hernandez doubled the lead in the 31st and 83rd minutes.
Iker casillas kept a clean sheet against Rayo Vallecano on wednesday. the 33-year-old has been subjected to heavy criticism this season. the champions league winners beat the spanish side 2-0 away from home.
burnley striker Danny ings has scored just once in six games this season. the 23-year-old has not scored in seven appearances for the clarets. Sean Dyche is confident goals will return if he enjoys playing more.
the patient - known only as. Alex S - had all 19 of his teeth removed over four weeks in. Munich, germany, and was charged 2,000 euros (£1,435) the dentist claimed to be a'recognised healer' and helped the'spiritual self-healing capabilities of his patients'
Jimmy Anderson will play his 100th test for England on monday in antigua. the 32-year-old needs just four wickets to overtake sir Ian botham. Anderson says he wants to continue playing test cricket for as long as possible.
downton was sacked as ECB managing director after the world cup. the england batsman was a lovely guy and i feel sorry for him. but when you get new people in, changes always happen, says broad.
moeen ali will join up with the england squad ahead of the second test in the Caribbean, starting in Grenada on April 21. he has recovered quicker than anyone expected from a rib injury. moeen averaged 38 with a strike-rate of 105 at the world cup.
Andrew Strauss says the Kevin pietersen affair is a 'distraction' for english cricket. 'it's quite hard to see a situation where Kevin pietersen would come back into the side after the next ashes and the world cup in 2019,' says the former england captain. pietersen has rejoined Surrey for the county season.
Thierry Henry hailed 'the detective' Francis coquelin in arsenal's 1-0 win over burnley. the former gunners striker said coquelin was his man of the match. coquelin played a key role in Aaron Ramsey's 12th-minute goal. arsene wenger also praised the mental strength of coquelin.
west ham were held to a 1-1 draw at home by stoke on saturday. marko arnautovic scored a late equaliser to earn the hosts a point. west ham manager Sam allardyce was left disappointed by his side's performance.
Michael Owen said he didn't believe Charlie Adam's strike was worthy of goal of the season. the former england striker was speaking on BT sport's Fletch and sav show on saturday. co-anchor and ex-player Robbie savage and fellow pundit Steve mcmanaman were not far behind.
manuel pellegrini admits he could be sacked if he finishes outside the champions league places this season. the premier league champions have lost four of their last five games. city face west ham united at the Etihad stadium on sunday.
disgraced reporter, 28, has been suspended for a week after footage emerged of her telling single mother-of-three: 'i'm on TV and you're in a f---ing trailer, honey' but just a month earlier she used similar language to berate an Arkansas attorney and women's rights campaigner on twitter. sparkman wrote: 'i'm tired of seeing all sexualized photos of Kacie McDonnell in my newsfeed. I have no idea if she's talented,
Deputy michael hubbard from the Spartanburg county sheriff's office is seen approaching the woman sitting on the overpass on the I-26. when the officer asks what she is doing, she turns to him and says: 'just looking for my way out and being at peace' he then puts his arms around her and then pulls her away from the drop. she struggles and tries to resist, but the officer says: 'give me your hands, you're not going out
the second-ranked girls defeated the women of the university of California - los Angeles by a score of 4 - 3 for the win. then, in celebrating their big victory, they smashed and broke the trophy. both teams will now compete in the Pac-12 championships next week.
officer Jeffrey swett was allegedly run over by suspect William bogard in January. he suffered two broken arms, a broken leg and severe head and neck trauma. the suspect faces 19 years to life in prison if he is convicted.
crowd tried to storm the club Tsunami in the Chilean capital Santiago. the band were on stage when a large group tried to force their way in. police said the crush outside the club caused a structure to fall.
kayaker Stephen Taylor, 54, went missing in the solent yesterday. experienced canoeist left Lee-on-Solent in Hampshire at about 11.30am. he was in touch with partner Michelle fuller, 49, throughout the day. but when he failed to return home late in the evening she alerted police. coastguard helicopter, rescue teams and lifeboats launched search. police revealed shortly after midday today that a body had been found.
Jacob polyakov cracked his head on the floor after plunging off the edge. his friend jamalmaslow, who fell off the roof first, broke his coccyx. witnesses rushed over to the teenagers, both 17, after the accident.
arsenal v reading in the FA cup semi-final at wembley on saturday. match of the day 50th anniversary special broadcast on the bbc. saturday's broadcast was a stark contrast to sky's coverage.
Newcastle are set to strip Fabricio coloccini of the club captaincy this summer. head coach John carver says the club will review that position at the end of the season. the magpies have repeatedly been let down by those appointed to lead the team this year.
United defeated manchester city 4-2 in the premier league derby on sunday. united set out to exploit the lack of willing workers in city's midfield. city are considering letting the likes of toure and nasri leave in the summer.
BBC commentator Guy mowbray's notes posted on twitter ahead of kick-off. mowbray correctly predicted 19 of the 22 players who took to the field. but he also incorrectly predicted 18-year-old Cameron Brannagan would start.
reigning world champion won the Chinese grand prix in Shanghai on sunday. he celebrated by spraying a hostess in the face with champagne. leading campaign against sexism has condemned the behavior of the driver. chief executive of Object said he should be forced to apologise.
Nathaniel clyne has impressed for the saints this season. the defender has been told he is the first choice right-back by hodgson. the 24-year-old has been linked with a move to manchester united and Chelsea.
the creatures were discovered at Blairgowrie pier but are fast on the move to their proper migration at Rye pier. the full migration is expected to occur in two to five weeks when the water temperature will drop to 14 degrees.
Brendan rodgers has met with Raheem sterling to remind him of his responsibilities as a role model at liverpool. the midfielder was caught on video apparently inhaling nitrous oxide before pictures emerged of him holding a shisha pipe. sterling has escaped club punishment after the manager spoke to him as well as team-mate Jordon Ibe on Thursday.
Tom Ince scored twice in the second half as Derby drew 4-4 with huddersfield. former manchester united midfielder's dad was in the stands. play-off hopefuls were 1-0 up, 3-1 down and 4-3 behind. Nahki wells and ishmael Miller both went close for the visitors.
juve move 15 points clear of second place with seven games to play. first-half goals from Carlos Tevez and Leonardo bonucci seal victory. lazio could be dragged back into third place if they beat atalanta on sunday.
the 29-year-old has revived his career in recent months under louis van gaal. young has been instrumental in their six game winning run. he is now being touted for a return to the english set-up.
pep guardiola was spooked by roman abramovich's habit of hiring and firing managers. the former barcelona coach chose Bayern Munich over chelsea in 2012. manuel pellegrini's position at manchester city is under threat.
Vincent Kompany injured himself in the 4-2 defeat at manchester united. manuel pellegrini claims he does not feel under pressure at city. city boss claims he is not concerned by mounting pressure on him.
Nico Rosberg claims he may have handed team-mate Lewis Hamilton a psychological advantage after his post-race outburst. the german admits he would not do anything differently under the circumstances that materialised at the Shanghai gp. 'Maybe, because I'm standing here and I have to answer all these questions,' said Rosberg. 'that's it, I wouldn't do anything different,' said the german.
Gary neville believes louis van gaal's greatest achievement is Jose mourinho. the duo have been friends since they worked together at barcelona in 1997. van gaal and mourinho worked together at the camp nou for three years. the pair won the la liga title twice in their first two years together.
manuel pellegrini has admitted he has been disappointed in yaya toure. the manchester city midfielder has come in for criticism this season. but Pellegrini has vowed to back the 31-year-old until the end of the season. sportsmail revealed that city will listen to offers for the ivorian.
Roma drew 1-1 at home to relegation-threatened atalanta in Serie a. the draw meant they moved level on points with second-placed lazio. it was booed by their own fans as they moved 15 points behind leaders juve.
fire crew in boise, idaho, thought they were chasing human voices. they found a pair of squawking parrots in a burning home. both were pulled from the home and given oxygen.
manolo gabbiadini grabbed a third goal for the partenopei just minutes after coming on for the away side. defender Christian maggio was shown a second yellow card for a tackle from behind on Danilo Avelar. the win leaves Napoli in fourth place in Serie a, three points clear of Sampdoria in fifth.
real madrid striker Karim benzema limped out of training with a knee injury. Benzema picked up the injury in the 0-0 champions league draw at atletico madrid. the frenchman should be fit for the return game at the Bernabeu on Wednesday.
YouTube user Elman511 cracked open an over-sized egg that was laid by one of his hens. in the video, he cracks the egg, which is double the size of a normal one, to find a standard-sized egg inside. he then cracks the smaller egg, which also has a yolk and white inside. the unusual occurrence is down to a counter-peristalsis contraction. this is when a second oocyte (yolk) is released
man slipped onto 15th street station platform at 6.40pm on wednesday. bystanders rushed back in shock as he fell from view. but within a second, a man in an Eagles jacket ran over and threw himself onto the tracks to save him. other commuters gathered to pull both men to safety.
the month-old cubs were born at leningrad zoo in saint petersburg. they are the fifth brood of mother and father Agnes and rock. the two young cats have both reached an ideal weight of 3kg.
the airbus A330 took off shortly after 11am but was back on the tarmac by 12.30pm. an indicator light showed a possible issue with the rear cargo doors. passengers will be moved to another flight due to depart Sunday afternoon.
Eric Carter and Stephanie McCassin, both of new hampshire, have been charged with endangering the welfare of a child after allegedly overdosing on heroin while giving their 3-year-old son a bath. the child's grandmother and primary caretaker, Mary macDonald, reported finding the child in the tub, with the parents passed out on the bathroom floor. macDonald told authorities that she is the child's primary caretaker because of her son's past drug
footage captured by Rumble user Sean c shows Bourbon the doberman enthusiastically licking a baby boy on the face and nose.
gareth bale pulled up with a calf strain after less than five minutes. he will have further tests on the left calf muscle in the next 24 hours. bale faces a race to be fit for the champions league quarter-final.
thousands of holidaymakers caught up in passport delay fiasco have not received any compensation. managers at the passport agency received up to £3,500 in bonuses. ministers refused to give a blanket refund to the desperate families who had to pay extra to get documents rushed through.
manchester united are keeping a close eye on atletico madrid defender Miranda. the 30-year-old has admitted he is 'proud' to be linked with a move to old trafford. however, the centre back insists he is keen on staying at atletico.
the unlikely pair live at an animal rescue shelter in camp verde, arizona.
manchester city know they need more english players in their starting line-up. liverpool's Jordan Henderson and arsenal's Jack Wilshere are targets. city also maintain an interest in Liverpool’s unsettled forward Raheem sterling.
Pedro is set to start for barcelona against almeria on wednesday. the 27-year-old would command wages of £90,000-a-week at camp nou. sterling has rejected a new £100,000-a-week deal with the reds. the england winger is understood to be available for £50million.
the problem affects the 2005 to 2008 models of the Mini Cooper and Cooper S. BMW says the air bag may not work properly because of a problem with the vehicles' mat detection system. it has been notified of one minor injury linked to the defect.
Kenedy has been linked with a number of top european clubs. the 19-year-old has played for brazil at under 17 and under 20 level. a deal is being finalised with fluminense president Peter Siemsen.
Daniel steele, 25, was arrested at his home in Raleigh not long after the shooting. his girlfriend, Kimberly dianne Richardson, 25, was rushed to hospital but died. her baby, a girl, survived and is being cared for at a local hospital.
mats Hummels has been consistently linked with a move to manchester united in recent seasons. the 26-year-old has admitted he is considering his future at borussia Dortmund. german legend Franz Beckenbauer believes he is at the right age to leave.
manchester united striker Robin van persie has been out injured for six weeks. the 32-year-old has scored 10 goals for united this season. van persie is a target for Serie a sides Juventus and inter Milan.
Yaya toure will be offered a new contract by manchester city in the summer. the 31-year-old is currently on £220,000-a-week at the etihad stadium. toure's representatives are aware of inter's interest and are keeping their options open going into the summer.
mats Hummels has admitted he is considering his future at borussia Dortmund. the german defender has consistently been linked with a move to manchester united. the 26-year-old has demanded a stronger team for next season.
the gunners are in advanced talks with Velez Sarsfield over a £4.5m deal. the 16-year-old wonderkid has been dubbed the next Lionel messi. the youngster is expected to stay at Velez on loan for at least two more seasons.
Shay given will start for aston villa against liverpool on sunday. the goalkeeper was dropped for the 1999 final at wembley. given has played in all four of villa's FA cup matches this season. the 38-year-old turns 39 tomorrow.
Steven Gerrard is set to start the FA cup semi-final at wembley on sunday. the 34-year-old has flitted in and out of the side this season. he will end his long association with the club at the end of the season. click here for all the latest liverpool news.
Sean Dyche insists his team will not resort to diving or cheating. the burnley boss claims another manager has urged him to'move with the times' and instruct his players to seek out decisions. the clarets are second from bottom with just six games remaining.
Josh Kerr took home the prize for the most impressive crash. the 31-year-old put too much weight on the front of his board and flipped head first into the reef. Adam Melling, Owen Wright and John John Florence also succumbed to the powerful break with extraordinary crashes.
angel di Maria was sent off against arsenal in the FA cup back in march. di Maria missed united's 3-0 win over Tottenham in which marouane fellaini was one of the stand out players. despite united's impressive run of form, Paul Scholes says they are still some way off challenging for the title.
Calum chambers has made 36 appearances for arsenal this season. the 20-year-old joined the north london club for £16million last summer. chambers is adamant he will play in central defence for club and country.
Aston villa face liverpool in the FA cup semi-final at wembley on sunday. sterling has been pictured smoking shisha pipes and taking 'hippy crack' through a balloon. the 20-year-old is in a contract stand-off with the reds over his recreational activities.
Jose mourinho has been forced to sell players to balance the books at chelsea. 'it was easier before at Chelsea, but it's more fun like this. more difficult of course. we sold a lot of players, not just Juan,' said the portuguese. mourinho joked the fair play match delegates are too busy eating to watch the match and that next season's catering will be downgraded to 'bread and water'
'kid kulafu' charts Pacquiao's rise from humble beginnings to boxing career. director spent two years researching the film, much of it based on conversations with 36-year-old Pacquiao. the film opened in Philippine cinemas on Wednesday and will be shown in selected cinemas in the us and canada later this month.
Rafael Nadal beats frenchman Lucas Pouille 6-2, 6-1 in the first round. the world no 5 is an eight-time champion at the monte carlo masters. he will face either viktor troicki or john isner in the third round.
milos raonic and nick kyrgios will make their debuts at queen's club. raonic lost to roger federer in last year's Wimbledon semi-final. kyrgios burst onto the scene with a shock fourth-round victory over rafael nadal.
Jordan spieth became the first player to reach 19 under par at augusta. the 21-year-old eventually won with an 18-under total. spieth rented two houses at the tournament, one to sleep in and the other to hang out with friends.
massa says he is performing as good as he did in 2008. the brazilian is currently fourth in the formula one standings. the 29-year-old has twice been written off in the past.
Novak djokovic beat qualifier Albert Ramos-vinolas 6-1 6-4. world number one will face Andreas Haider-Maurer in the next round. Jeremy Chardy will face Roger Federer in the third round.
singles champions will each receive 1.8m euros (£1.3m) french open remains the grand slam with the lowest prize for the singles champion. main benefactors will be players who go out in the early rounds.
many clouds won the 2015 crabbie's grand national at aintree on saturday. jockey leighton aspell became the first jockey in more than 40 years to win back-to-back grand nationals. the 25-1 shot is the first hennessy gold cup winner to land the prestigious prize. trainer Oliver sherwood had previously saddled four National runners and none of them had even completed the course.
f1 racer sprayed champagne at grid girl after winning the Chinese grand prix. but 23-year-old hostess said she didn't think much about the incident and wasn't annoyed. 'i was just told by my employer to stand on the podium, and that’s what I did,' she said. campaigners have condemned the behaviour as'selfish and inconsiderate'.
Mikel arteta set to miss Saturday's FA cup semi-final against reading. he is recovering from a minor ankle problem picked up with the under 21s. arsene wenger is keen to retain the services of arteta, who is out of contract in the summer and expected to agree a 12-month extension.
sportsmail's racing correspondent Marcus townend and Britain's no 1 tipster Sam Turner cast their eye over the 39-strong field for the race. will AP McCoy's glittering career conclude with a fairytale victory for favourite Shutthefrontdoor?
Lewis Hamilton has described his champagne-spraying of a grid girl as 'a fun thing' the incident drew widespread condemnation from anti-sexism group Object. but grid girl Liu siying says 'i did not think too much about it at all'.
AP McCoy will retire if his mount Shutthefrontdoor wins the grand national. the jockey has won the title every year since he first won it in 1997. the 40-year-old announced his plans to retire in february.
big-hitting batsman has nine caps to date, since his debut against india. hales has played in only five of England's subsequent 18 matches. 26-year-old has batted instead at number three on three occasions.
Billy Vunipola was cited for striking mathew Tait with his head. the incident occurred during Saracens' 22-6 win over Leicester. Vunipola's case will be heard by a three-man panel on Tuesday.
australia hooker Nathan Charles has revealed his battle with cystic fibrosis. the 26-year-old has earned four international caps for the wallabies. he took to rugby as a youngster as a way of battling the illness.
Scott hasn’t played since picking up his latest injury on Scotland duty against Ireland in the final game of the six nations last month. mark Bennett of Glasgow will be first choice for outside-centre but it could be a fight between Peter Horne of Warriors and Duncan Taylor of Saracens for the inside-centre jersey.
red bull and the toro rosso of max verstappen both suffered a power-unit failure in china. red bull owner dietrich matschitz threatened to pull his teams out of formula one. managing director Cyril abiteboul has declared his aim that come late may there will be no further power-unit issues.
Gary ballance scored 122 as england won the first test in antigua. ballance's 122 was his fourth century in nine tests for the tourists. ballance said: 'four bad innings don't make you a bad cricketer'
Gary ballance's hundred looks to have closed the door on a return for Kevin pietersen in the near future. former captain Andrew Flintoff believes pietersen is now ‘running out of time’ to resurrect his Test career. ballance, Ian bell and Joe root surely all now secure in the middle order for the summer.
mustafa kamal resigned as the international cricket council president. he was unhappy with umpire calls in his country's world cup quarter-final defeat to india in melbourne last month. ICC confirmed there will be no immediate replacement.
new orleans pelicans beat the san antonio spurs 108-103 on tuesday. pelicans will make their play-off debut against the golden state warriors. new york nets clinched the final eastern conference playoff spot, beating the Orlando magic 101-88.
arsenal beat reading 2-0 in extra time to reach the final of the fa cup. garath cleary's goal was cancelled out by alexis sanchez's strike. arsene wenger's side will face either chelsea or manchester city in final.
england declared just before tea, leaving west indies a hefty target. but the home side’s lower order hung on and forced an unlikely draw. sulieman benn batting as high as nine and england's lower order hung on.
Ryan Bertrand was the fifth left back to be called into the england squad. the 25-year-old moved to the south coast on loan from chelsea earlier this year. he has struggled to gain the international recognition of his colleagues.
Southampton are five points behind manchester city in the premier league. the saints travel to the Etihad stadium on the final day of the season. manager Ronald Koeman believes his side must win their last six games.
winger moha el ouriachi has represented spain at youth level. the 19-year-old is turning down a new deal with the catalan giants. mark hughes has already signed bojan krkic and marc muniesa.
Yannick boltasie scored a hat-trick in palace's demolition of sunderland. crystal palace boss Alan pardew is demanding £20m for the winger. pardew insists palace's leading assets do not want to leave the club.
Filip djuricic has been ruled out of the barclays premier league clash. defender Florin gardos has been struggling with an unspecified knock. goalkeeper Fraser forster is out for at least the season with knee surgery.
Mauricio pochettino says Harry kane deserves to win the player of the year award for his impact on english football. 'the impact that Harry has had on english football is massive,' says pochettino. pochettino says Eden Hazard is a 'fantastic' player but that the impact that Kane has had on english football is'massive'
hat-trick hero leigh Griffiths says he has 'knuckled down' since the turn of the year. the 24-year-old says he had a talk with manager ronny deila and assistant john collins about what he wanted from him. 'I was brought to Celtic to score goals and I have started to do that since the turn of the year,' he says.
defender signed six-and-a-half year deal with west ham last month. the 26-year-old had been linked with the likes of arsenal and spurs. west ham are set to move to the Olympic stadium in 2016/2017.
west ham face manchester city at the Etihad stadium on sunday. the hammers are 10th in the premier league after a poor start to the season. manager Sam allardyce is not bothered by how city will react. he is more concerned about getting the best out of his own players.
livingston drew 1-1 with Rangers at the energy assets arena last week. the scottish championship strugglers now face hibernian on wednesday. Stuart McCall believes his side's main promotion rivals could drop points.
Lucas has been at anfield for eight years and holds the unwanted record of playing more games for Liverpool without winning a major trophy than anyone else in 50 years. he missed the 2012 league cup final and two other wembley appearances that year with a serious knee injury sustained against Chelsea the previous November. 'i’ve played at the maracana a few times but never at wembley,' said the 28-year-old.
shadow health secretary says move could unlock £400m for grassroots. league puts £168m into grassroots sport but this is a fraction of £5billion. premier league took in £5billion from tv deals between 2013 and 2016.
Jonny howson scored the only goal of the game in the 57th minute to keep his side in the automatic promotion places. the midfielder won a first-half penalty when he was bundled over by current Leeds skipper Liam cooper. the 26-year-old made amends for his late penalty miss with a late goal in injury-time.
the reds face aston villa in the FA cup semi-final on sunday. goalkeeper Simon mignolet insists he cannot choose between winning the cup and finishing in the top four. mignolet says 'you don't really choose between your mum and dad'.
Jose mourinho has spoken out in defence of under pressure colleague manuel pellegrini at manchester city. the chelsea boss was told by the fair play table that west ham had the most positive tactics in the premier league. he dismissed it as a joke and said: 'how can you be so negative with a team that won two titles in three years and are still champions can be brought to hell?'.
jose mourinho insists that jurgen klopp is not coming to take his job. the chelsea boss has been tipped to make the move to the premier league. the 47-year-old has confirmed he will leave his current club at the end of the season. the news has sparked a frenzy of speculation over possible destinations.
leigh Griffiths scored a hat-trick in Celtic's win over Kilmarnock. ronny deila said the striker's desire to prove himself wrong should serve as an example to any player left out of his starting xi. deila said: 'you can be angry but the way to get back into the team is to prove you deserve to play - like leigh did today'
porto beat bayern munich 2-0 in the first leg of their champions league quarter-final clash. pep guardiola says his side suffered with injuries in the squad. porto boss Julen lopetegui says reaching the semi-final would be a dream come true.
manchester united beat manchester city 4-2 in the premier league on sunday. the result is the latest vindication for manager louis van gaal's methods. van gaal's side are now four points clear at the top of the premier league.
Emmanuel adebayor posted a video of himself dancing in front of the arc de triomphe on his official Instagram account. the togo international has one year left to run on his current contract. adebayor has not scored in the league for spurs since the 2-1 defeat to Newcastle back in October.
dead fish have continued to wash up on the banks of a Rio de Janeiro lake. thousands of small silvery fish called twaite shad have been affected. die-offs are a frequent occurrence in the city's waterways.
Lazio have won eight games in a row in Serie a. a victory would cut the gap to nine points with seven games remaining. head coach Stefano pioli says his side will go 'all out for victory'.
manchester united beat champions manchester city 4-2 on saturday. united are now third in the premier league, eight points behind leaders chelsea. Chris smalling scored united's fourth goal in the derby demolition. he has now scored the same amount of goals as former teammate welbeck at arsenal with four.
liverpool host manchester city at anfield in the premier league on monday. the reds are seven points behind fourth-placed manchester city. but they have a game in hand on their rivals and must capitalise. if they beat arsenal and win the cup, they will believe they can finish top four. click here for all the latest liverpool news.
Mamadou Sakho limped off during liverpool's FA cup quarter-final win against blackburn Rovers on wednesday. the french defender was replaced by Kolo toure in the 28th minute. Sakho will miss the clash with Newcastle united at anfield on monday night.
'irresponsible' riders breached barrier seconds before a train hurtled by. SNCF made an official complaint to french prosecutors. one rider from the Belgian lotto team was clipped by the barrier.
Jordon Ibe is set to sign a new long-term contract at liverpool. the 19-year-old has been absent since damaging knee ligaments against besiktas on february 26. the teenager could make his return against Newcastle on monday night.
a resurgent Kimi Raikkonen sees no reason why Ferrari cannot win f1 title. the 35-year-old finished fourth at the Chinese grand prix in Shanghai on sunday. the Finn was reeling in team-mate Sebastian Vettel and may well have claimed third if not for a late safety car.
manchester city defeated manchester united 4-2 in the premier league. former city striker Mario balotelli tweeted his delight at the result. but the defeat for city is actually good news for his current side. balotelli's side face Newcastle united on monday night.
Manny Pacquiao will face Floyd mayweather in a money-spinning fight on may 2. the fight is reportedly worth £300million (£205million) the 36-year-old is looking to inflict a first ever career defeat upon mayweather.
manchester united are favourites to sign burnley striker Danny ings. the 22-year-old has scored nine goals in his first season in the premier league. united have opened talks with burnley about a summer deal. click here for more transfer news.
Carlton Cole and Nathaniel Clyne attended a fundraising event for football fighting ebola on sunday night in knightsbridge. the event was a fundraising reception for the charity, which was founded by Cole and godfrey torto. QPR winger Shaun Wright-Phillips was also spotted at the event, as was his team-mate Matt Phillips.
Manny Pacquiao jogged around Griffith park in los angeles on friday. the 36-year-old was joined by several fitness fanatics as he ran. Pacquiao is preparing for his fight with undefeated welterweight rival.
Toni duggan posted a photo on Instagram of her, Isobel Christiansen and michelle hinnigan at Wing's Chinese restaurant. the trio were celebrating united's 4-2 derby win against rivals city. duggan has since removed the photo from Instagram and issued an apology on facebook.
David villa was invited to ring the opening bell for the new york stock exchange. the NYSE's opening and closing bells mark the start and end of each trading day. the 33-year-old made the move to the newly formed MLS outfit this season.
Stuart pearce believes manuel pellegrini deserves more time. pearce believes city should stick with the 61-year-old. pearce blames the club's poor run of form on the fading influence of ivorian striker Yaya toure.
the 27-year-old came on as a substitute in the 23rd minute of the match. flower was banned for six months after he punched Lance hohaia in the opening moments of last season's grand final. flower said he did not deserve the standing ovation which greeted his return.
rafa benitez won the champions league with liverpool in 2005. he also brought in the likes of djimi traore, antonio Nunez, Milan baros and cult hero igor biscan. the spaniard has managed a total of zero premier league titles.
ayoze perez was brought down by dejan lovren in the 38th minute. replays clearly showed the defender scything the Spaniard down. but referee Lee Mason did not award a penalty for the home side. sky sports pundit Gary neville said it was an 'absolute stonewall penalty'.
falkirk beat hibernian 1-0 in the Scottish cup semi-final at Hampden park. Craig sibbald scored the decisive goal with a stooping header in the 74th minute. falkirk manager peter Houston wentading rival Alan stubbs.
middlesbrough face Norwich city in the premier league on friday night. defender ben gibson, 22, is dreaming of a return to the top flight. his uncle, chairman Steve Gibson, has overseen some of the most significant times in the club's history. 'if we get back in the premier league it has more impact, financially, than what the cup finals did,' says Gibson.
two points separate four teams with four games remaining. to drop points would almost certainly mean to drop out of the race for the two automatic slots to the barclays premier league. middlesbrough were top on good Friday but are fourth going into the visit of wolves.
west brom beat crystal palace 2-0 at the hawthorns on saturday. former palace boss Tony Pulis made his first return to the hawthorns. midfielder Craig Gardner scored a spectacular second-half strike.
odion Ighalo gave watford the lead after just four minutes. matthew connolly doubled the home side's lead with a header in the 41st minute. gary Gardner equalised for forest with twenty minutes to play. almen abdi made certain of the points in the closing stages.
manchester united thrashed rivals manchester city 4-0 at old trafford. louis van gaal's side now sit four points ahead of their neighbours. united are just one point adrift of second placed arsenal. click here for all the latest manchester united news.
a 10-year-old supporter has been removed from his role as a mascot for reading. Ryan Dearnley won the chance to walk out at wembley against arsenal. a video emerged of him saying he hoped the gunners beat reading. the royals eliminated Huddersfield in the third round of the competition.
middlesbrough beat promotion rivals Norwich 1-0 at the etihad stadium. alex tettey's own goal handed the visitors a slim victory. manager aitor karanka said his players deserve to be in the premier league.
Sven Goran Eriksson was the last manager at city before the club was taken over by Abu Dhabi billionaire sheikh mansour and his family in 2008. city host west ham on sunday but a champions league spot next year is still in doubt. 'with the squad city have they should do better, but they are not. with the money they have spent they have to do better,' said the former manager.
four manchester city players chose to wear gloves in the derby. city defenders Yaya toure, Sergio aguero, Martin demichelis and Eliaquim mangala wore gloves for the clash at old trafford. temperatures in the north west were between six and eight degrees Celsius by the time of the 4pm kick off.
Yaya toure will not be forced out of manchester city this summer. but the club are set to make the midfielder available this summer. sportsmail revealed earlier this week that the club will listen to offers.
Jurgen Klopp announced his departure from borussia Dortmund on wednesday. former city midfielder dietmar hamann believes he would be ideal for the job. city are set to end the season trophyless and manuel pellegrini could be on his way out.
there are no english teams in the quarter finals of the champions league. Paul Scholes believes there is no manager who can turn those fortunes around. however, he does believe his friend and former team-mate Ryan Giggs could lead manchester united into the latter stages of the competition.
Craig cathcart scored the only goal of the game in the 56th minute. the volleyed effort was enough to put watford top of the championship.
Luis suarez scored a double as barcelona beat paris saint-germain 3-1. the uruguayan nutmegged a less-than-fit david luiz at the parc des princes. internet jokers took to twitter to mock the former chelsea man.
manuel pellegrini should be given chance to turn things around, says Gary neville. former manchester united defender has been critical of pellegrini in recent weeks. 'i hope he stays at man city and i hope he is able to correct the things that have gone wrong in the last four months,' says neville.
Huddersfield have dropped from third to ninth in the super league table. coach Paul Anderson is hoping to kick-start his side's misfiring attack. he says there is no hiding when facing the league's best defensive team.
defenders' current deals expire at the end of the season. but manager Roberto Martinez insists they still have time to prove themselves. distin has played more for everton's youth team than first team.
Romelu lukaku is set to return from a four-week absence with a hamstring injury this weekend at home to burnley. manager Roberto Martinez admits he would not be able to ease him back in even if he wanted to. 'it would be near-enough impossible to keep Rom away from the football pitch at this stage. it's not in his nature,' says the spaniard.
unbeaten championship leaders leigh delivered a stunning knockout blow as super league club salford crashed out of the ladbrokes challenge cup. the centurions twice came from behind in thrilling fashion to beat the red devils 22-18 in front of a 6,358 crowd at leigh sports village. former english forward gareth hock played little part in their downfall.
the 2021 rugby league world cup will be held in the united arab emirates. the sport is in its infancy in the middle east and the country is keen to boost the nation's international profile. the hosts for the 16th rugby league world cup are expected to be named in October 2016.
louis van gaal said it is a great time to be a manchester united supporter. united moved four points clear of their cross-city rivals in third place. van gaal thanked supporters for their patience when results were going against the team at the start of the season.
Manchester united beat manchester city 4-2 at old trafford on sunday. the result moves united four points clear of their cross-town rivals. city have gone from joint top on new year's day to 12 points off leaders.
england's players aren't playing in enough domestic Twenty20 competitions. hales and woakes believe england should adopt a franchise system. england were embarrassed at the world cup in australia and new zealand.
manchester city lost 4-2 to louis van gaal's side at old trafford. manuel pellegrini's side are now four points behind their rivals. Gary Neville says the club need to get rid of 'weeds in the garden'.
former england star fears time is running out for Kevin pietersen to resurrect his career. the batsman has not featured for his country since being sacked 14 months ago. pietersen scored 170 against MCCU Oxford in his first red-ball innings since June 2013.
Andrew Flintoff has called on the english cricketing public to show their love for the Natwest Twenty20 Blast. former team-mate alastair cook is at a much lower ebb as his quest for a long overdue test century continues. 'i get fed up of people having a go at alastair cook,' said the all-rounder.
Michael Vaughan has been heavily linked with the newly created role of director of english cricket. the former captain has made no secret in his desire to replace Paul downton in the top job in english cricket. but in his role as a commentator for test match special the former skipper put the ultimate curse on cook by praising him moments before he was dismissed.
Bastian Schweinsteiger and Franck ribery will miss porto clash. german midfielder has had a virus for the past few days. pep guardiola's side are 10 points clear at the top of the bundesliga.
alastair cook must somehow shut out the deafening noise enveloping english cricket. he is desperate to avoid being distracted by seismic changes going on around him. the imminent first test has barely registered for the captain. chance of showers on all five days and strong cross-wind throughout.
four wickets in the game would take him past botham's 383 Test wickets. 'he ranks with the great english fast bowlers, with the Bob willises, the Ian Bothams and folks like that,' said sir vivian Richards. 'i captained a lot of great bowlers and i would have liked Anderson too,' said curtly ambrose.
manchester united beat manchester city 4-2 at old trafford on sunday. manuel pellegrini's side have lost six of their last eight games. city are now four points behind united in the race for a champions league place.
manchester city have made Raheem sterling a primary target this summer. the transfer window officially reopens on the first of july. city plan to make a major statement by making a formal offer for the forward.
manchester united beat city 4-2 in the premier league on sunday. daley blind hailed a team talk from skipper Wayne rooney. the 25-year-old said it gave the players an extra edge in the derby. blind urged united to focus on finishing the season strongly.
Pep guardiola has a long injury list at the top of the german bundesliga. defender mehdi benatia is out for up to four weeks with a hamstring injury. wingers arjen robben and Franck ribery are also sidelined.
angel di mari and Radamel falcao were left on the bench by louis van gaal. di maria came on for Juan mata in the 81st minute at old trafford. falcao replaced marouane fellaini with seven minutes to play.
james anderson is preparing for his 100th test in antigua on monday. he needs just three wickets to equal sir Ian botham's record haul of 383. sportsmail speaks to those who knew him and played with him in his early days for burnley, Lancashire and England.
Kevin pietersen scored 170 off 149 deliveries in his first game of red-ball cricket for 15 months. it was the 34-year-old's first appearance for Surrey since the LV= county championship in June 2013. pietersen's only hope of playing for England again is to score lots of runs for Surrey – wind, rain or shine.
Brendan rodgers' side lost 2-1 to aston villa in the FA cup semi-final. it was their first loss in an FA cup semi-final since 1990. it was their first loss in a semi-final since 1990.
Obbi Oulare scored as club brugge came from behind to beat anderlecht. scouts from manchester united, everton, sunderland, burnley, Dortmund and leverkusen were in attendance at the top of the table clash. the 19-year-old is being watched by some of Europe's top clubs.
the incident occurred in the 106th minute of extra-time at wembley. alexis sanchez's shot rolled through the legs of goalkeeper. the incident was reminiscent of england goalkeeper Robert green's error in the 2010 world cup opener against the usa.
Burton Albion were promoted to league one after beating morecambe 2-1. manager Jimmy Floyd hasselbaink now wants to win the championship. hasselbaink also paid tribute to his predecessor Gary Rowett.
officer Lisa mearkle, 36, is charged with criminal homicide in the shooting of 59-year-old David Kassick on february 2. her attorneys asked a judge on friday to bar the distinct attorney from releasing the video. it was recorded by her stun gun and shows her shooting Kassick in the back as he lay face down on the ground. a preliminary hearing to determine if there is enough evidence to send the case to trial is scheduled for Monday.
Ashley shupe claims her son, eight, has tried to choke himself, throw himself from a height, and stop eating. it was a reaction, she claims, to repeated 'taunting, bullying and physical assault' inflicted by one student.
music streaming service Spotify analysed 2.8 million'sleep' playlists. thinking out loudd features as the top song that people fall asleep to. the 24-year-old singer-songwriter features an additional six times on the list.
crystal McNaughton from long beach, california, filmed the moment her newborn son started welling up to a rousing song from Glee.
Steven Gerrard looked glum at a nightclub after being knocked out of the FA cup by aston villa at wembley. there will be no birthday FA cup final for him on may 30. he has just six games left to play in a red shirt with little to play for. he is set to play his final game in england against Stoke city on may 24.
doncaster and fleetwood drew 0-0 at the keepmoat stadium on saturday. the two sides were aiming for a play-off place after their play-off hopes had all but evaporated. the media team had a tough time compiling the match highlights on the club's YouTube channel.
Lionel messi has scored 32 hat-tricks for barcelona this season. the 27-year-old can't remember each one despite keeping match balls. messi will lead line for barca against PSG in the champions league.
a host of argentine stars dined out together at a popular italian restaurant. argentine stars including angel di maria, Pablo zabaleta and Marcos rojo embraced as they dined in the city centre. united goalkeeper Victor vades was also present along with his partner Yolanda cardona.
the queen had her fingers firmly crossed but luck was not on her side. Capel path finished third to Richard Hannon’s desert force in the Dubai Duty Free Full of Surprises Handicap. but it was the queen’s Hannon-trained two-year-old Ring of truth who looked the one who got away.
Broadway allotment association moved to new site by oldham council. old prize-winning plots will be bulldozed to make way for a car park. gardeners say soil at new site is so poor they can't grow a bean. they are demanding compensation for 'dreadful' drainage and poor soil.
mohammad shatnawi kicked the ball over his head at the weekend. west ham's james collins accidentally lobbed his goalkeeper. shatnawi's own goal is one of the strangest of the weekend.
striker caught on camera having sex with mystery blonde in dugout. he was dismissed after the sex clip of his tryst was shared on social media. his girlfriend, 25-year-old bryony hibbert, has slammed those responsible.
David de gea and victor valves enjoyed a trip to a theme park on tuesday. the duo enjoyed a relaxing time just days after united's impressive win against fierce rivals manchester city. it remains to be seen whether the pair will be enjoying the rare english sun or the continuous spanish sun next season.
former porn star suffered 18 broken bones, a broken nose, a ruptured kidney, a ruptured liver, missing teeth, and a fractured rib. it was the climax, she claims, of an abusive on-off relationship with MMA fighter Jonathan Paul Koppenhaver, known professionally as war machine. she is still undergoing reparative dental work - while fighting to see Koppenhaver convicted of attempted murder.
Chris Robshaw was pictured holidaying in barbados with girlfriend Camilla kerslake. the couple shared a boating picture via Instagram. england captain has already talked to Andrew Strauss and Lawrence Dallaglio about the pressures of being in the spotlight in world cup year.
Fabio Borini enjoyed a day out at go ape in the Cheshire forest. the striker came on as a second-half substitute in the 2-0 win against Newcastle at anfield on Monday. the former sunderland loanee took to social media to share pictures of his day out with his friends.
Jack Wilshere took to social media to thank fans for their support on monday night. the 23-year-old returned from injury to captain the arsenal's U21 side. the gunners lost 1-0 to reading in the top-of-the-table clash.
Christian Eriksen was spotted kissing girlfriend Sabrina Kvist in central london. the couple have been together almost three years. the midfielder joined spurs in the summer of 2013.
David alaba posted a video on his Instagram of his cast being removed. the Austrian has suffered knee ligament damage in the past. the versatile midfielder is now looking to get back to fitness.
great grey owl stalks prey from treetops in snowy fields in canada. makes inelegant landing in the snow before scooping it up with claws. photographer Marc latremouille captured encounter during photography workshop.
three gunmen stormed the site where Corinthians' fan group Pavilhao 9 meets underneath a highway overpass. they ordered the victims to lie face down on the ground and shot seven in the head. an eighth man was shot but tried to escape, reached a gas station and was later taken to a nearby hospital where he died. police say that the killings are not related to any football rivalry.
manchester city lost 4-2 at old trafford in the premier league on sunday. city could lose star man Sergio aguero if they slip outside the top four. the argentine has scored 100 goals in just 158 appearances for city. click here for all the latest city news.
ankit kesri, 20, died after colliding with a team-mate during a club match. the bengal batsman collided with a team-mate as they both attempted to take a catch in a senior one-day match match in Kolkata. he regained consciousness afterwards but died in hospital on monday. former national team captain Sachin tendulkar was among several india stars to offer their condolences at the news.
David Raven scored a last-gasp winner in extra time to send inverness through. the defender hailed his goal as a 'dream come true' after the match. the 30-year-old has only managed a handful of goals in his entire career.
serafim todorov beat american boxer Floyd mayweather in 1996 olympics. the 45-year-old now lives in a remote town in southern bulgaria. mayweather is preparing for one of the biggest fights in boxing history.
presenter Briony ingerson posted an image of herself and a friend in blackface. the photo was from an 'African-themed party' almost three months ago. she wrote that the costume was as a light-hearted tribute to a friend who was working on network ten's 'i'm a celebrity...get me out of here!'
Sam Schmidt, a quadriplegic, got a chance to drive on the long beach grand prix road course track Sunday thanks to the creators of a modified 2014 corvette C7 Stingray. when Schmidt became paralyzed from the neck down after crashing during testing in Orlando in 2000, his team thought he would never walk, let alone, drive again. but he conquered a trickier task Sunday: navigating the twists and sharp turns of the famous street course in long beach.
evacuation orders were lifted just before dawn for about 300 homes in an area along the border of the cities of norco and Corona, about 35 miles southeast of downtown los angeles. by midday, fire officials said they had contained 25 per cent of the fire, which had grown to 1.5 square miles. cooler overnight temperatures and low winds allowed fire crews to attack the blaze, increasing containment from 15 per cent.
a masked gunman who fired eight shots in a shopping mall remains on the run in Sydney's west hours after police started the manhunt. it is believed the incident took place shortly after 2pm, when the man fired a series of shots into the air outside before he fled the scene. a NSW police spokeswoman told daily mail australia an arrest is yet to be made.
a tree has crashed into a car driven by a woman in her 60s, killing her. the woman was identified as jacqueline carry, age 65. due to the tree's size, the investigation may take longer than usual.
Islamic state have released a new set of disturbing propaganda photos. shows off their growing number of military markets in Iraq and Syria. young children appear to be allowed to freely wander through the market. no women appear in any of the photos.
'Rich' who lives in Humpty doo, northern territory, detailed his dream girl on gumtree. 'wanted!!!!! girlfriend/wife, must love pets... Accomodation available, position MAY offer company car, phone and laptop, to the'successful candidate' the 31-year-old only identified himself as rich, and said he is 'not shy of blowin cash on my woman'
Kalimah Dixon said she was awakened by a neighbor yelling there was a fire early on monday morning. she managed to get her children, aged one to 14, out of the condo safely. but all that was left of her rented condo was a pile of rubble. in the last four years while Dixon rented the condo, she had quit working to enroll full time in school to complete her degree in business management. now she is finding it difficult to get a lease for
university of florida redshirt freshman jerald Christopher 'JC' Jackson, of Immokalee, entered an acquaintance's apartment with two men. police said the 19-year-old cornerback left the apartment, and then one of the other men allegedly pulled out a gun. police said they took two video game consoles, marijuana and $382 from the apartment's three residents.
the clip was posted on Instagram and quickly deleted. it shows the 27-year-old singer sitting at a table with what looks like a slim white tube in her hands as her pals dance around her. after the camera cuts to her friends, it then pans back to Rihanna holding her nose for several seconds.
Jay dasilva was part of the Chelsea under 19 team that won the UEFA youth league by beating shakhtar donetsk in the final on monday. former arsenal striker Ian Wright took to twitter to praise the 16-year-old. he also predicted that four of the Chelsea side are set for a bright future.
in a leaked email, director Cameron Crowe mocks Bruce Jenner's alleged gender transition in an email conversation with former studio head Amy Pascal. this while the two are discussing Crowe's upcoming film aloha, which stars bradley cooper and alec Baldwin.
Jose mourinho is reportedly planning a summer swoop for atletico midfielder. he watched the 23-year-old during atletico's 2-1 victory against deportivo. mourinho is reportedly planning to offer second-choice left-back Filipe luis.
Hans-Wilhelm Muller-wohlfahrt quit as head of bayern munich's medical department. the pair fell out over an injury to team-mate Philipp lahm in training last year. the 72-year-old quit in high dudgeon after a reported rift with pep guardiola.
pep guardiola has denied claims of a feud with former club doctor. Hans-Wilhelm Muller-wohlfahrt quit the club after 'being blamed' for defeat. the 72-year-old sensationally quit the club after almost 40 years at the club.
Frankie gavin is set to be handed a shot at Kell Brook’s welterweight world title at The O2 on may 30. talks have been held between the parties and even though an agreement has not yet been finalised, it is likely that the fight will happen. an announcement could be made as early as Friday.
andre ward sees paul smith as the ideal warm-up opponent. virgil hunter, trainer of both ward and amir khan, says:'smith is who we want and i'm told it's a done deal. but it won't be for andre's belt even though it will be over 12-round championship distance'
Aston villa beat liverpool 2-1 at wembley on saturday afternoon. american owner Randy Lerner missed the game due to a family bereavement. but he is expected to make the trip to the final against arsenal on may 30.
flight centre founder geoff Harris put the port Melbourne home up for auction after splashing out $12 million on his dream home in may last year. the buyers knocked out any other bidders with their fist bid and went on to seal the deal with their generous offer. the 63-year-old is now one of the co-directors of the hugely popular tour group.
Izzy brown scored twice as Chelsea won the UEFA youth league. the 18-year-old was on the bench for the match at queens park rangers. but just a few hours later he was out in europe scoring twice.
villagers in central china dug a 46m well in order to get fresh drinking water. but when they pumped it to the surface they found it was so polluted they could set it on fire. locals blamed a leak from a local petrol station, which the owner denies. local officials have launched an investigation into how the water became so polluted.
Zinedine zidane has revealed real are monitoring liverpool winger sterling. sterling has rejected an offer of £100,000 a week to extend his stay at anfield. the england international has scored six premier league goals this season.
denis cuspert, 39, dubbed the 'goebbels of iSIS', has released a propaganda video. raps about planning attacks in britain, germany and france. in the slick three-minute video he sings: 'we want your blood' follows reports that british police have raised security levels.
scouts are due to watch Mauro Icardi against verona at the weekend. he has turned down inter's latest contract offer but talks are continuing. manchester united have had staff at inter's games with Sampdoria and Parma.
aston villa beat liverpool 3-2 at wembley to reach the final of the fa cup. sherwood said his team 'bamboozled' the reds at anfield. he paid particular tribute to Christian Benteke, Fabian delph and Jack Grealish.
gareth bale lasted just a few minutes before limping off against malaga. the Welsh forward has been diagnosed with a calf injury. real madrid face atletico madrid in the champions league on wednesday.
Jonathas scored his 10th goal of the season to give Elche a 1-0 win. the striker took advantage of a defensive blunder by real Sociedad. xabi prieto had the opportunity to equalise for the away side.
bulldog puppy named hazel tries to get the better of a washing basket. erratically jumps onto the basket and forces it onto its base. lands inside it and looks up at the video maker while chewing the rim.
Blackburn striker has scored 70 goals in the last three seasons. forest manager Dougie freedman failed in a bid to sign him in march. freedman now hopes the offer of £10m can tempt the r's into parting with him.
striker Jay hart, 24, was filmed having sex with a fan in the manager's dugout. he could be heard laughing on the mobile phone footage as he romped. the mystery blonde was still in his club T-shirt with his tracksuit bottoms. the 73rd minute substitute was dismissed after the sex clip was shared.
Tayfun korkut sacked as coach after 13 games without a win. michael frontzek has been named as his successor. frontzek has five games left to avoid relegation.
Jason Wilcox's side take on Chelsea in the first leg of the FA youth cup final. they could field a starting xi of players all born in greater manchester. but the ex-blackburn winger says it will be very difficult to do so.
Lucas Matthysse won a majority decision against Ruslan provodnikov in a 12-round super lightweight bout on saturday night. the argentine landed the majority of the punches in the first round and opened a cut near provodnikov's left eye early in the second. provodnikov (24-3) put Matthysse on the ropes late in the third round and landed two hard right hook-left hook
Derry mathews has won the interim WBA lightweight title. he was handed a unanimous points decision over Tony luis in liverpool. mathews saw richar abril twice pull out of a fight due to illness.
Lukas Podolski is currently on loan at Serie a side inter milan. the 29-year-old says he wants to play for parent club arsenal next season. Podolski has scored just three goals in 13 appearances for the gunners. click here for more arsenal news.
Terence Crawford won the vacant WBO junior welterweight title. he knocked down Thomas dulorme three times in quick fashion after that big blow. Crawford remained undefeated, winning as a heavy favorite.
paddy Barnes and michael conlan are boxing in the world series of boxing (wsb) the dublin duo are fighting in maiquetia, northern Venezuela. they are one win away from qualifying for the 2016 olympics in rio de janeiro.
Nicola Adams is hoping to become a double Olympic gold medallist in rio. the 32-year-old is set to return to an english ring for the first time since her London 2012 triumph at the national championships in Liverpool next week. the former great britain team-mate Natasha Jonas announced her retirement from boxing on April 7.
tennis star Caroline wozniacki congratulated golf sensation on twitter. but it wasn't a dig at former love interest, world no 1 golfer Rory McIlroy. the duo dated for more than two years and were due to get married.
gael monfils beats roger federer in straight sets at the monte carlo masters. the frenchman will now face world no 14 Grigor dimitrov in the quarter-finals. monfils hit 22 winners to the former world no 1 in the thrilling encounter.
Freddie Roach says that mayweather has picked and chosen his fights. he puts andre ward and triple g above the undefeated american. the pair meet in the welterweight showdown in las vegas on may 2.
the 21-year-old equalled the 72-hole record set by Tiger woods in 1997. he also became the first man to get to 19-under par at augusta. he moved from fourth in the world rankings to second behind Rory McIlroy.
Roger Federer defeated Jeremy Chardy in his opening match in monte carlo. the match was his first since his loss in the Indian wells final in march. the 17-time major champion will face gael monfils in the quarter-finals.
an RFU disciplinary panel dismissed a charge that Vunipola had recklessly led with his head in an incident which left the Leicester full back prone on the ground. the england no 8 will play in the champions cup semi-final on saturday.
james anderson claimed his 384th wicket on the final day of the first test. the 32-year-old broke sir Ian botham's record which stood for 23 years. Anderson said he is still improving as a bowler and can learn more tricks.
Lewis Hamilton insists he will do his talking 'on the track' ahead of the race in Bahrain. the double world champions left Shanghai after the Chinese grand prix arguing over the rights and wrongs of how they raced. 'i just do my talking on the track. that's how it's been since I was eight years old,' said the brit.
former rugby captain Mike Tindall watched his horse Monbeg dude finish third in the grand national at aintree. he was beaming from ear-to-ear having just seen the horse run his heart out. his wife, Zara Phillips, was also in hot pursuit, scampering in hot pursuit.
Kevin pietersen has not played for his country since the fifth test in Sydney, a match England lost to complete a 5-0 series defeat down under. the 34-year-old has signed for Surrey with the intent of scoring the runs which would earn him a recall.
MCC reveals plans to replace 'tired' Tavern and Allen stands at Lord's. intention is to build a single new structure in their place, with more than 5,500 seats. redevelopment will increase ground's overall capacity to almost 30,000.
Billy Vunipola faces an RFU disciplinary panel on wednesday afternoon. the 22-year-old could face an immediate suspension for an alleged butt. former english full back Mathew Tait was caught by Vunipola during the 29th-minute collision at allianz park.
siobhan-Marie o'Connor won gold in the 200 metres individual medley. her time of two minutes 09:51 seconds was the fastest recorded in the world this year. the 19-year-old came inside the world championships qualification mark of 2:10:20.
a number of supporters plan to boycott the televised game in protest against owner Mike Ashley. it is likely to lead to a peculiar atmosphere in the north east. 'you never know because sometimes the effect on the players and team maybe is positive,' said Mauricio pochettino.
former queens park rangers manager says he would consider a return. but only if it was at the right club, insists the 68-year-old. redknapp resigned as manager with immediate effect in february. he cited knee problems as the reason behind his decision to leave.
Ronny deila's side face inverness in the semi-final of the Scottish cup on sunday. the match will take place at 12.15, a time that fans do not agree with. the SPFL sparked a furious row when they put back the final Rangers game of the season by 24 hours for broadcast on sky sports.
real madrid face rivals atletico madrid in the champions league on wednesday. french striker Karim benzema missed the 3-1 win against malaga with a knee injury which he is struggling to recover from. gareth bale and luka modric also look likely to miss the match.
Toni duggan posted a picture on Instagram of her with louis van gaal. the photo was taken after united's 4-2 win over manchester city. the 23-year-old has since removed the photo from her account. duggan also issued an apology on her facebook page.
Charlie Austin has scored 17 goals for relegation-threatened queens park rangers. the striker is in contention because Harry Kane will be with gareth southgate's under-21 team. he will continue to be monitored by head coach Roy hodgson and assistant Ray lewington.
Nathaniel clyne is out of contract at the end of the season. manchester united have been linked with a move for the england right back. but manager Ronald Koeman says he wants clyne to stay at the club.
the PFA has announced its women's player of the year nominees. chelsea and england forward Eniola aluko has been rewarded for her excellent performances for the blues this season. manchester city defender Lucy bronze is the current holder.
a blatant Josh meekings handball in the box was missed by referee Steven McLean. despite numerous appeals, no penalty or red card was given. inverness fought back and eventually emerged victorious in extra-time.
inverness beat celtic 2-0 in the semi-final of the scottish cup. a Josh meekings handball should have led to a penalty and red card. but caley got away with a spot kick and a red card in extra-time. manager John Hughes says the break was a turning point.
Derby County can make sure of a play-off place with victory against huddersfield provided Wolves and Brentford are both beaten. a win at home to coventry will give Steve cotterill the trophy he craves. Burton will be promoted with a win at morecambe if Wycombe fail to win at aFC Wimbledon.
Eddie howe expects the club's fans to play a crucial role as his side close in on a first-ever promotion to the barclays premier league. the four-horse race for automatic promotion is expected to go down to the wire. second-placed Norwich face fourth-placed middlesbrough on Friday night.
Nathaniel clyne has been linked with a move away from the south coast. the defender has been in impressive form for the saints this season. the right back has earned international recognition with his performances.
some of the premier league's less glamorous clubs face a battle to keep hold of their brightest stars. the likes of Morgan Schneiderlin, Yannick Bolasie and Nathaniel clyne are wanted men as champions league heavyweights circle like vultures. sportsmail looks at 10 players who could be taking a ‘step up’ this summer.
Ryan Mason was celebrating andros townsend's equalising goal for england against italy on tuesday night. the 23-year-old's tattoo on his arm was shown across televisions worldwide. twitter user @danorako compared it to a photograph of himself at 12.
six players pulled out of the squad on the eve of the match against Charlton. president cellino insists he had nothing to do with the events. cellino has been banned since January after not paying tax on a yacht in italy.
Jose mourinho is on the cusp of winning his third premier league title. former defender Paulo ferreira expects his compatriot to stay at the club. ferreira believes mourinho's desire to succeed knows no bounds.
manchester city have been linked with moves for Danny rose and Aaron cresswell. the premier league champions have not had enough homegrown players. arsene wenger signed theo walcott, alexis sanchez and edin dzeko in the summer. aaron ramsey has also been linked with a move to the etihad stadium.
Brendan rodgers says a move to manchester city would not be a step up. city have been heavily linked with a £50million move for sterling this summer. rodgers says it could take two decades for city to reach the status of either Liverpool or manchester united.
second-placed Preston were held to a 2-2 draw by Gillingham on saturday. MK dons closed the gap on second-placed swindon to three points. swindon remain in the automatic promotion hunt after a 4-2 win at Rochdale.
left back Danny rose has attracted interest from manchester city. the 24-year-old has been called up to the england squad last month. but he has yet to receive a full cap but has 29 at u21 level.
west ham signed left-back Aaron cresswell from ipswich for £2m in 2014. cresswell is one of just five outfield players to play every minute of his team's premier league games this season. john stones has the best passing accuracy of any everton player.
Steven Gerrard was handed a starting role by manager Brendan rodgers. the midfielder started in a 3-4-2-1 formation at wembley. but he was deployed in a number of different roles throughout the game. liverpool lost 2-1 to aston villa in the semi-final of the FA cup.
Wojciech szczesny says he feels sorry for arsenal goalkeeper Adam Federici after his costly error in the FA cup semi-final. the reading stopper let an alexis sanchez shot slip through his hands and sneak over the line in extra-time. szczesny says the goalkeeper was 'the best player on the pitch'.
malky mackay was appointed as manager of wigan in November 2014. sportsmail revealed in august mackay was being investigated over'sexist, racism and homophobic' texts. mackay failed to secure a single win at home in six months in charge. mackay was sacked on monday following a 2-0 defeat by derby.
Tony McCoy is riding in his 20th grand national at aintree this week. the 40-year-old has promised to call it quits if he wins the race. the royal liver building in Liverpool was lit up with a good luck message.
Wojciech szczesny has been demoted to the substitutes' bench at arsenal. former club legend David seaman believes szczesny can come back stronger. the 24-year-old hasn't started a league game since new year's day.
Saphir du rheu, ridden by. sam Twiston-davis, took home the Betfred Mildmay Novices' Chase. don cossack and eastlake in what is his last ever grand national festival.
UEFA have been approached by a marketing company to propose the annual fixture. the 'South' dream team would feature stars from la liga, Serie a and Ligue 1. the 'North' dream team would feature stars from the premier league, Bundesliga and Russian premier league. the players would be chosen by an online fan poll, with no more than three players from any club side.
Lionel messi will lead the line for barcelona when they take on psg. the argentine has scored 45 goals in 44 games for the catalan giants. manager Laurent blanc has described messi as 'unstoppable'.
Lionel messi says he is back to his best after a disappointing 2014. barcelona lost the la liga title and knocked out of the champions league. messi's personal goal tally stands at 45 from 44 games for barca. barca face paris saint-germain in the first leg of their quarter-final on wednesday.
Randy Lerner will attend aston villa's FA cup semi-final with Liverpool. american has hardly seen the club play in person in recent years. the american has been trying to sell the club since last may.
Christian Benteke opened the scoring for aston villa in the 35th minute. the striker scored a hat-trick in the 3-3 draw with queens park rangers. he has now scored six goals in eight games for the premier league side.
Paul gascoigne scored a 35-yard free-kick at wembley 24 years ago today. it came five minutes into an FA cup semi-final against arsenal. gascoigne's strike has gone down as one of the finest ever at wembley.
manchester city have a four-point lead over premier league leaders liverpool. city have lost four of their past six games and five in 2015. city profited from a Liverpool collapse to claim the title last season.
Christian benteke opened the scoring for aston villa in the 35th minute of the game. the striker scored a hat-trick in the 3-3 draw with queens park rangers on tuesday night. gary neville equalised for spurs in the second half with a header from a corner.
Harry redknapp was at the Emirates to watch arsenal's 4-1 win over Liverpool. he claims he was attacked with coins and verbally abused by some fans. redknapp is currently out of work after leaving his position at queens park rangers.
Alexis sanchez has scored 20 goals in all competitions for arsenal this season. the gunners are second in the premier league after an eight-match winning run. defender Frank McLintock made 403 appearances for the club between 1964 and 1973.
Bayern are without arjen Robben, Franck ribery, bastian Schweinsteiger and daniel sturridge for the first leg of the champions league quarter-final. 'for the (recent) games against borussia Dortmund and bayer leverkusen we played with a decimated squad and with few options,' said Thomas muller. 'now it is not about the injuries but about building a strong unit on the pitch with the players who are
manchester united midfielder michael carrick wants to try his hand at motorsport. the 34-year-old has enjoyed a renaissance at old trafford this season. carrick says he wants to try his hand behind the wheel of an f1 car.
Jack Wilshere made his long-awaited comeback from injury to captain arsenal under 21s in 1-0 defeat by reading. former arsenal defender Martin Keown's son Niall scored the winner with a header in the opening minutes. the gunners pressed for an equaliser before the break with german forward Serge gnabry slicing wide from 10yards out.
Serge Gnabry has not featured for the first team since march last year. the 19-year-old suffered serious knee injury in champions league last-16. but he is closing in on a return and says he is feeling 'better and better' the midfielder played 90 minutes for arsenal under 21s against reading.
arsenal have won 16 of 18 games in all competitions this season. arsene wenger admits he could not have predicted the run of results. the frenchman's side have a slim chance of winning the premier league.
Raheem sterling is stalling on a new £100,000-a-week contract at liverpool. the 20-year-old has revealed he'd love to have his own chant from the Kop. sterling has been linked with a number of european clubs. click here for all the latest liverpool news.
Liverpool are seven points adrift of fourth-placed manchester city. the reds have lost to manchester united and arsenal in successive games. John carver says his players need to relieve the pressure of their shoulders with a win against the reds on monday night.
Tomas Francis impressed up against Alex corbisiero of northampton. the 22-year-old qualifies for both england and wales. he could be fast-tracked through the ranks to face england at the world cup.
David 'Flats' flatman has been driving around the rugby world cup venues. the former bath prop is preparing for the tournament in england. flatman believes the rugby world cup will have a lasting effect.
Tom arscott scored a brace of tries for sale as Mike haley claimed the other. Irish scored three tries through Alex lewington (two) and Andrew Fenby with Chris noakes adding two penalties and two conversions.
Jordan Ibe has been out for six weeks with a knee injury. the 19-year-old was injured in the Europa league tie against besiktas. but he returned to training on saturday and is set to return on monday. click here for all the latest liverpool news.
Raheem sterling is stalling on a new £100,000-a-week contract at liverpool. the 20-year-old insists it has nothing to do with money and will reassess his options at the end of the season. he was one of four players at the launch of next season's new home kit.
real madrid and atletico madrid meet for the fifth and sixth time in european competition that brings them level with inter and AC Milan in number of city duels. real must accommodate Cristiano Ronaldo, gareth bale and Karim benzema, leaving little choice but to play a 4-3-3. Diego simeone will flood the midfield as he has done in recent meetings between the two sides.
Julen lopetegui's side face Bayern in the champions league on wednesday. the porto coach believes his side have the talent to cause an upset. the germans have suffered injuries to arjen robben, david alaba, francis ribery and bastian Schweinsteiger.
Philippe Coutinho starred for Liverpool in their 2-0 win against Newcastle united. he managed five shots against goalkeeper Tim Krul, though he could not nab a goal. sportsmail's Jamie carragher believes Coutinho can fill the gap.
marouane fellaini has emerged as a force to be reckoned with in united's midfield of late. sportsmail columnist Jamie carragher believes Jose mourinho will bring Kurt Zouma into his midfield to neutralise him. carragher and fellow sky sports pundit Gary neville agree that mourinho will have a special plan to stop united's run of form.
marouane fellaini was one of the stars of manchester united's demolition of neighbours city on sunday. the former everton forward was recently described as almost undroppable by manager louis van gaal. now, united team-mate Wayne rooney believes he is one of the best in world football at the moment. 'he is probably the best in world football at bringing the ball down and getting us out of that pressure further up the pitch,' says rooney
italian striker Mario balotelli is set to leave the club at the end of the season. the 24-year-old has only scored once in the premier league this season. president Massimo ferrero says he has lost his hunger for football. ferrero says he should be put on a diet of bread and water and given a bianchina (a small car from the 1960s) instead of a Ferrari.
Ipswich drew 1-1 at home to rivals wolves in the championship on saturday. benik afobe scored the only goal of the game in the 50th minute. former boss Mick McCarthy hailed the 'belligerent, stubborn and hard working' qualities of his players.
more than 400 extra officers have been drafted in by British transport police. rivals Manchester united, Liverpool and Leeds are all in the capital this weekend. officers will be stationed on trains travelling from the north and the Midlands.
Leicester will escape the drop zone for the first time since November if they beat Swansea at home on saturday and burnley fail to win at everton. they also have to face relegation rivals sunderland and burnley away. 'we believe in ourselves but we have seven left, five at home and one against Chelsea. they are still extremely tough fixtures,' said Pearson.
Emile heskey and Eidur gudjohnsen have signed new contracts. goalkeeper Adam Bogdan has also been offered a new deal. heskey and gudjohnsen joined on short-term deals in december.
Paul mcgowan has been handed his third conviction for assaulting a police officer. the midfielder has been confined to his home from 7pm to 7am for 16 weeks. manager paul hartley says he will not risk playing him again this season.
a picture of Jose mourinho and pep guardiola deep in conversation during a Barcelona training session did the rounds on social media a few years ago. mourinho was Bobby Robson's assistant at barcelona and Guardiola was in his final years as a player at the camp nou at the time. but aren't four of the coaches of the last eight in this season's champions league from the same club at the same time?
Sean bowen maintained his three-winner lead (45-42) over Cheltenham gold cup winner Nico de boinville. de boinville is the only one of the duo riding on Tuesday with two mounts. us trainer wesley ward is to aim hootenanny and sunset glow at royal ascot after scratching them from the 2,000 Guineas and 1,000 Guineas respectively.
west ham boss believes manuel pellegrini has the most difficult job in football. pressure of winning back-to-back premier league titles has made the Chilean's job the hardest in world football. UEFA imposed a £49million fine on city after they failed to comply with the new financial fair play rules.
Lyon drew 2-2 with saint-etienne in a topsy-turvy Ligue 1 derby. Clinton n'jie gave the hosts the lead before Lindsay rose was sent off and max gradel converted from the spot to level matters. Romain Hamouma put saint-etienne ahead on the brink of half-time.
dairon asprilla scored in the 79th minute to lift the Portland timbers past new york city. city have now won just one of their seven games and lie seventh, five points behind the red bulls. teal bunbury scored one and set up another as the new england revolution beat the Philadelphia union 2-1.
Aston villa owner Randy Lerner is rarely seen at the club's games. he was expected to make a rare appearance at wembley on sunday. but he was unable to attend after his aunt passed away.
football in turkey has been suspended for one week following the armed attack on the team bus on saturday night. the decision affects both next weekend's Super Lig fixtures and the midweek cup quarter-finals. police have detained two people suspected of involvement in the attack.
Manny Pacquiao is preparing for his mega-fight with Floyd mayweather. the pair will meet at the beginning of next month at the MGM grand in las vegas. the 32-year-old shared a video of his morning run on his Instagram account.
former world champion Ken doherty is just two frames away from going out of the betfred world snooker championships qualifying. the 45-year-old trails mark davis 8-1 after the first session of their third-round qualifier in Sheffield. graeme dott must come from behind to book his place in the main draw as he trails world number 52 Yu delu 5-4.
Ronnie O'Sullivan will face a debutant in the first round of the world championship. the five-time winner will face 32-year-old debutant Craig Steadman. defending champion mark seby will play a debutant in Kurt maflin.
Manny Pacquiao takes on opponent Floyd mayweather in a mega-fight on may 2. the fight will be the richest fight in boxing history. the fight is expected to break the pay-per-view record of $152million.
snooker star's mind wanders while he waits for his opponent to finish. 'the rocket' is widely regarded as one of the most naturally talented players in history. but he has openly questioned his dedication to the sport.
manchester city were thrashed 4-2 by rivals united at old trafford. goalkeeper Joe hart said it was one of his 'worst days in a man city shirt' city are now four points behind rivals united and 12 behind leaders chelsea.
manchester city lost 4-2 at old trafford in the premier league on sunday. it was their sixth defeat in eight games in all competitions. manuel pellegrini's side now trail the leaders by 12 points.
bull sharks have been swimming up to condos in bonita springs, florida. residents say fishermen have been chumming the water nearby. bull sharks, along with great whites and tiger sharks, are generally considered among the most dangerous sharks in the world.
manchester united beat their neighbours city 4-0 in the premier league derby. louis van gaal's side now have an average of two points per game against top seven. united's record will be put to the test at home to Chelsea on saturday.
manchester united beat city 4-2 at old trafford on sunday. united's website declared the city were turned red again in 90 minutes. but was this a sign that united are the dominant force in the city again? or should we just chalk it off as a bad game for the red half of the city?.
a selection of models charged down the runway in masks and headpieces that looked remarkably like sheets of plastic blowing against their faces. front row guests couldn't drag their eyes away from the polarising accessories. the Brazilian-born designer was one of six newbies selected to present their designs to a global audience.
Scott quigg offered £1.5m to fight super-bantamweight world champion. but frampton has branded the gesture a 'publicity stunt'. 'it's the biggest publicity stunt i've seen since that incident between Justin timberlake and Janet Jackson at superbowl xxxxxvi', says frampton.
Eathan cruse, 19, one of the five men arrested after raids on saturday. he said officers assaulted him after he had been handcuffed. 'he said 'yeah, that's the one'... he kicks me right across the face as my hands were cuffed,' he said.
Alan stubbs did not know what to make of falkirk manager Peter Houston's recent post-match comments. stubbs said: 'i have a lot of respect for Peter and what he's done'. 'for someone who is so inexperienced, I am not soft,' said the hibs boss.
Andy lee takes on undefeated former middleweight champion peter quillin. the fight at the barclays centre on saturday will no longer be a title fight. quillin initially hit the scales at 161.9 but failed to make required 160lbs.
Josh warrington eased to a lop-sided points win over Dennis tubieron. the 24-year-old has been billed as the next Ricky Hatton. close to 10,000 packed into the first direct arena in Leeds on saturday.
two-time world champion hurdler Jana pitman believed to have given birth to her second child, a daughter named Emily. the 32-year-old was filmed training for the 2016 rio olympics the day before she went into labour. her son cornelis is now the big brother of a little girl named Emily.
the 250-piece collection of clothing, accessories, and homeware from the designer was officially sold out by the retailer on sunday morning. pieces from the diffusion line have since popped up on ebay, but the outrageously-priced items that first became available have since been joined by more reasonably-priced pieces.
fiorentina lost 1-0 at home to hellas verona after conceding late goal. substitute mounir obsbadi scored after alessandro diamanti missed penalty. the defeat leaves fiorentina in sixth place, nine points behind third-placed AS Roma.
atletico madrid travel to the Bernabeu to face real madrid on wednesday. there are no english clubs left in the last eight of the champions league. atletico boss Diego Simeone has admitted his surprise at the plight of english clubs in the competition this season. he believes the failure of english clubs should kick the country's top-flight into gear.
the university of Connecticut baseball team has welcomed its newest member: 5-year-old grayson hand. hand, who is battling leukemia, joins the team with the help of team IMPACT, an organization that matches children with life-threatening and chronic illness to college sports teams. hand's sister, Sophie, 7, was also taken on as an honorary cheerleader.
it's been a longtime tradition for the conga to play during Memphis Grizzlies games with cartoon bongos appearing on the giant court TV screen.
halal sex shop is set to open in Islam's holiest city, mecca, in Saudi Arabia. shop will stock 'Islamically approved' adult items, it has been revealed. it is being led by the owner of a Dutch halal sex shop called el asira.
FC united of manchester were crowned evo-stik northern premier champions. a nervy win over stourbridge saw them seal fourth promotion in their short history. the club will move to a new 5,000 capacity stadium of their own in may.
Nikki and Kyle Kuchenbecker from Illinois went about perfecting a routine to the toe-tapping pop song, Classic by MKTO.
the 53-second video, posted on YouTube, features footage of the unnamed woman recording an incident involving multiple officers in south gate on sunday. about 25 seconds into the clip, the woman is approached by a tall man strapped with a riffle who suddenly lunges at her. following a brief struggle the man - later identified as a deputy U.S. marshal - grabs her cell phone, throws it to the ground and then kicks it away in a fit of
defender Luke Tingey, 18, became a hit on youtube last month. midfielder Kyran Wiltshire, 18, was included in the first-team squad last pre-season. the pair are expected to spend a few days at carrington.
footage shows the skater confidently sailing down a concrete slope in Santa Monica, los angeles, before he loses balance and falls headfirst. for a short moment he scrapes along the ground on his stomach. he then rolls over several times before finally coming to a standstill and clutching his head in apparent pain.
Steve McClaren's future will be decided at the end of the season. the 42-year-old is a leading candidate to replace the current boss. real madrid coach Paul Clement is a leading candidate to replace him.
italian goalkeeper Gianluigi Buffon has been plying his trade in Serie a for the best part of 20 years. the seven-time scudetto winner with Juventus has played with the likes of Andrea Pirlo, Paval Nedved and Lilian Thuram. here, Buffon recalls the great names he played alongside and against and explains why they've made his Champions League dream team.
real madrid host atletico madrid in the champions league on wednesday. it will be the eighth time the two sides have met since last season's final. los blancos have not beaten their city rivals since that memorable night in Lisbon less than a year ago, losing four games and drawing three.
Diego simeone is hoping to lead atletico madrid to second successive champions league final. the former real madrid midfielder played for 106 times for his country. simeone was sent off in the 1998 world cup final against england.
Joe gomez has played at right back for Charlton this season. the 17-year-old is valued at £8m by the championship side. city lost to Chelsea in the first leg of the FA youth cup final on monday.
Martina Hingis will play her first singles match since 2007 on saturday. the 34-year-old will face world no 9 Agnieszka Radwanksa. the match will be the 34-year-old's first singles match in eight years.
Patrice evra says sir alex ferguson told him he would make a great coach. former manchester united defender spent eight years at old trafford. evra says he has already taken some of his coaching badges.
the FA cup was on show at the alton towers theme park in Staffordshire ahead of this weekend's semi-final clashes at wembley. a reading supporter and an arsenal fan were on hand to accompany the cup on a rollercoaster ahead of the showdown. last year's semi-final at wembley ended a nine-year trophy drought for the gunners.
fans were asked to unite against bowel cancer by donning a football shirt in memory of 1966 world cup-winning captain Bobby Moore. bianca westwood, Rob Lee and clare balding were among those showing their support on social media. this is the third annual Football Shirt Friday, and it kicked off in April to coincide with bowel cancer awareness month.
Wellington Silva signed for arsenal in 2011 for £3.5million from fluminese. but he has not been able to play for the club without a work permit. the 22-year-old revealed on twitter that he has been granted a spanish passport, complete with a picture of his passport. his passport means he can play for any team in the european union.
mandzukic came to blows with defenders Sergio Ramos and david carvajal. the 28-year-old was elbowed, punched and possibly bitten during the tie. mandzukic committed seven fouls, compared to 11 in total by real madrid.
Jan Oblak has been atletico madrid's number one goalkeeper this season. the 22-year-old cost €16million (£11.5m) from Benfica in the summer. he has been a revelation at the bernabeu this season. atletico have not conceded in 663 minutes in the champions league.
on loan striker javier Hernandez is'ready' to lead the line against atletico. the 26-year-old has scored a goal and created an assist in his last two games. real madrid face their bitter rivals at the Santiago Bernabeu on wednesday.
Jurgen Klopp announced his departure from borussia Dortmund on wednesday. the german boss will not be fulfilling the remainder of his contract. he has vowed to win as many games as he can before stepping down. 'i want to see the players smiling, even if then somebody might write that the players are glad Klopp's leaving,' he said.
crystal palace winger posted a photo on his Instagram account on wednesday. the photo shows the 22-year-old undergoing close-up shots. the photo was taken as he took a break from training.
Ivan Novoseltsev got down on one knee to ask girlfriend to marry him. his team-mates watched on as the proposal took place on the pitch. the 23-year-old was capped by his country for the first time last month.
each winter since 2009 the city has come alight with mind-bending light shows projected onto iconic buildings. in 2015 the festival has expanded its installations outside the CBD and now includes the newly erected central park in chippendale. this year will feature the city's first ever interactive skyscraper illumination that can be controlled by visitors.
Bayern sporting director says club must make plans for the future. pep guardiola's side lost 2-0 to porto in the champions league on tuesday. xabi alonso and bastian Schweinsteiger are both approaching their 30s.
ceahlaul piatra neamt have sacked coach Ze Maria for the second time in a week. the 41-year-old was fired on Wednesday after a poor run of form. he was reinstated the next day after owner angelo massone decided to 'give the coaching staff another chance'
Zlatan Ibrahimovic faces barcelona in the champions league on tuesday. the 33-year-old was suspended for the first leg after being sent off. but he insists he will be in awe of lionel messi, luis suarez and co.
benik afobe says he feels 'unstoppable' as he bids to become england's top scorer. the striker has scored 31 times for both mk dons and wolves this season. he is one goal ahead of spurs star Harry kane in the race for top spot. afobe is expected to make his 50th appearance of the season on saturday.
90-second clip was filmed by a witness in an indoor area restricted to workers at king khalid international airport in Riyadh. it shows two male employees in blue uniforms recklessly hurling large suitcases onto the belt and against a wall. for nearly two minutes the employees toss suitcases or fling them behind their backs without care or caution.
reporter Roger lohse was about to finish reporting on a brush fire in southwest miami-dade when his cameraman pointed out something behind him. as the camera zoomed in, live footage showed firefighters plucking a tiny black kitten from the edges of the smoldering blaze.
the piano was created for an 'influential sheikh' in doha, Qatar. it took six months to build and every crystal was applied by hand. artist Lauren baker said she has an obsession with working with crystals.
anyone trying to access the bank's page for the Young Entrepreneur Awards was greeted by images of women posing naked or having sex. porn site took over the address after the awards were scrapped in 2011 and the organisers allowed its registration on HSBC.com.hk to retire. HSBC yesterday removed the hyperlink from its main website after realising its embarrassing mistake.
jesper blomqvist was a key cog in manchester united's treble winning machine. the 41-year-old was a key cog in sir alex's treble winning season of 1998-99. he is here on Sunday to coach youngsters from the man united foundation's street reds project.
hoax video showing a wave rider surfing in front of the Sydney opera house has gone viral for a second time. the video was uploaded to twitter by popular radio duo fitzy and wippa, before quickly being reposted by a spell of other sources. the posting of the video comes in the wake of heavy storms which battered Sydney overnight.
the 37-year-old was all smiles as she presented sportsman of the year award. presented by the Laureus sport for good foundation at Laureus awards. actor Benedict cumberbatch and model carolina kurkova were in attendance.
black pup was caught lapping up all the fun at a public play area in Brooklyn, new york, over the weekend.
17-month-old Layla was found beaten to death at her home in festus, Missouri. her mother, 21-year-old Taylor Lynn fast, allegedly told police she had been bitten by a spider a day before police were called. she has been charged with endangering the welfare of a child. police are also hunting for fast's boyfriend, but have not named him.
Giorgio armani, 80, said he disapproved of women with breast enlargements. also disapproved of men who work out too much and said he likes a 'healthy' look. the fashion designer has dressed everyone from beyoncé to Adele.
Zinedine zidane is confident paris saint-germain can beat barcelona. the Ligue 1 champions need to score three goals to progress to the semi-finals of the champions league on tuesday. the frenchman was speaking at the match versus poverty in saint-etienne.
former england footballer has listed a luxury penthouse for £6.75million. he bought it in 2011 for £4.25million after staging a sit-in at estate agents. he blasted proposed mansion tax as 'cheap and easy way to extract money'
porto have a 3-1 first leg advantage in their champions league quarter-final. but coach Julen lopetegui believes his side will have to hit top form. porto are unbeaten in the competition so far this season.
corporal James bass of north carolina sneaks up behind his son Joshua as he strikes a formal pose in front of a scenic backdrop. then, as the photographer shows the third-grader the finished photo he took, he spots his father pulling a goofy jazz hands pose in the background and turns around to see him standing there. 'Daddy!' Joshua exclaims, as he runs towards his father and gives him a big hug.
mother bear and her four cubs have been spotted in the Government hill area of anchorage several days in a row. wildlife officials ruled killing the family was the only option as once they develop a taste for trash they are likely to return even if moved. residents were warned to keep their distance and make sure pets stayed on a leash in light of the hungry predators.
video footage of creepy doll has been wreaking havoc on paranormal enthusiasts. paranormal investigator has received messages from people describing chest pains, nausea and crippling headaches after viewing photos and videos of peggy. some reported flashing visions of'mental institutions and treatment bordering on abuse' and overwhelming feelings of anxiety. one woman, who wishes to remain anonymous, even suffered an alleged heart attack after watching a video of Mrs Harris and peggy in a car together.
Salford clinched the evo-stik league first division north title on 92 points. title rivals darlington 1883 could only draw 1-1 with warrington town. the northern premier league is what awaits the manchester club. the Neville brothers took to twitter to express their delight at gaining promotion.
the football association have decided to withdraw from the Victory Shield. they do not believe the competition suits the needs of their young players. the decision has been sped up by changes proposed by sky sports.
visitors will be able to travel through time when the 102nd floor observatory opens to the public next month. a time lapse video of the growth of the city from the 1500s to the present day will play during the 47 seconds it takes to reach the observatory. the film shows the city as an expanse of wild vegetation before it was settled by the Dutch in the 1600s.
four men appeared in court in dartmouth, near Halifax, today. they were given identical bail conditions that could see them living on a Canadian naval base for the next few years. they also agreed to surrender their passports and live at the base.
striker caught on camera having sex with mystery blonde in dugout. he was dismissed after the sex clip of his tryst was shared on social media. his girlfriend, 25-year-old bryony hibbert, has slammed those responsible. 'i regret that I did it, not that I got caught,' he said today.
southend moved into fourth place after a 1-0 win over bury on tuesday. a David worrall free-kick from a set-piece enabled them to leapfrog their hosts into fourth place. worrall struck from 25 yards in the 74th minute with a superb curling effort from a set-piece.
MK dons beat doncaster 3-0 in their premier league clash. Dean bowditch scored a freakish late winner for the dons. the win keeps the pressure on leaders Preston at the top of league one.
a rescue Sato named Bonnie is so afraid that she will be abandoned again that she can't bear to eat alone. in an adorable video posted to YouTube by user Jeannine S. with nearly one million views, puppy Bonnie can be seen lifting her dish to bring it over to her canine friend Clyde who is also scarfing down a meal.
Kolo toure admits Steven Gerrard was'sad' after the loss to aston villa. but the former england captain also feels sorry for the fans. toure said the team wanted to do it for the fans because 'this club deserves to have a trophy'
arsene wenger was confronted by a frustrated fan during an away match. the 25-year-old jumped over a barrier and ran towards the manager. stewards led the man away and he has been banned from going to games.
Didier drogba has withdrawn from a charity match after picking up an ankle injury. the striker played the full 90 minutes against manchester united on saturday. drogba's withdrawal adds to the injury woes of the premier league leaders.
Justin rose finished second at the masters after carding 14-under-par. the northern irishman had missed the cut in three of his previous five tournaments on the PGA tour. rose wants to follow in the footsteps of 2014 winner, rory mcilroy.
Caroline wozniacki shared a video of one of her first on court interviews as a youngster. the former world no 1 made her senior Roland garros debut as a 17-year-old in 2007. the former world no 1 will be hoping to go further than the quarter-final best she managed in 2010 when the tournament begins.
will Stevens has been using the facilities at the football association's £100m training complex to help him climb the formula one ladder. the manor driver was introduced to the centre by michael Johnson performance, the training company founded by the four-time Olympic champion. the 23-year-old was a regular visitor last year as he looked to step up his fitness in preparation for a potential F1 drive.
the 1,000 Guineas hope, trained by David Simcock, is one of six out of the nine entries to hold an engagement in the Guineas. trainer Richard Hannon is represented by two fillies from the Richard Hannon – Osaila, winner of the Group Three princess Margaret Stakes winner. John gosden’s Faydhan is the key horse entered in Wednesday’s free handicap.
graeme McDowell believes there are a lot of potential eras evolving in the game. 'we see a guy coming around who is average build, average size, hits it average distance,' said the british no 1. 'he's not short but he's not the longest player on the planet and he gets it done other ways. that's exciting'.
Many clouds won the grand national at lambourn on saturday. trainer Oliver sherwood has floated the possibility of a rematch with his gold cup conqueror coneygree in the newbury's hennessy gold cup. sherwood and AP McCoy have had a regular bet on whose team will finish highest in the premier league.
Olly barkley has signed a new contract with relegated-club. the 33-year-old previously played for Bath, Gloucester, Racing metro, Grenoble and the scarlets. the fly half won 23 test caps for his country.
Ruby Walsh warned the field to go wide at the canal turn. vets tended to the stricken balthazar king at the canal turn. balthazar king received treatment from a vet on the track for at least an hour.
many clouds won the Crabbie's Grand National at aintree on saturday. the 38-year-old was ridden by former journeyman leighton aspell. many clouds was a third winner of the race for owner Trevor hemmings.
Brian O'Driscoll believes huge investment is needed to turn english clubs back into a European force. he admits that scrapping the salary cap would be dangerous. 'when you walk about french dominance, the teams are coming from France but the players aren’t,' says the ireland legend.
Christian Wade did not attend a charity event for the Matt Hampson foundation. wasps team-mate Andy goode tweeted: 'bad values from @ChristianWade3 agreeing to come to a charity event for @Hambofoundation then saying he's too tired, poor culture & no trust' the 23-year-old did not reply to the message that split opinion.
serge betsen tells sportsmail where he thinks the game will be won on saturday. wesley fofana vs brad barritt - he reminds me of former british lions flanker Richard hill. no 8 Billy vunipola vs Julien bonnaire - he's the first man who is going to tackle the flanker.
the 26-year-old has agreed a deal to join bath at the end of the season. he has scored 36 tries on the world series circuit.
ankit kesri collided with a team-mate as they both attempted to take a catch in a senior one-day match match in Kolkata on friday. the 20-year-old regained consciousness afterwards but died in hospital on monday. former national team captain Sachin tendulkar was among several india stars to offer their condolences at the news.
england face the west indies in the first test on tuesday. incoming chairman of the ewcb Colin graves made some injudicious comments before the tour. bell says he never expected the hosts to win the series without a struggle.
31-year-old had 'experienced a number of concussive episodes'. neurologist recommended it would be in his long-term interests to stop playing. fitzpatrick won seven caps for Ireland, the last of which was against new zealand during the 2013 autumn Tests.
Liam plunkett and mark wood impressed in the nets on sunday. moeen ali has joined the squad after missing the first test in antigua. england face west indies in the second match of the series on tuesday.
Clermont thrashed the english champions 37-5 in the last-eight tie. both clubs are going in search of their first-ever european crown. Jonathan Davies is determined to deliver another perfect performance.
livingstone hit 34 fours and 27 sixes in 138-ball innings against Caldy. the 21-year-old has yet to make his first-team debut for the red rose. lancashire believe the innings is the highest-ever individual score in a one-day match.
Kevin pietersen made first LV= county championship appearance since 2013. the 34-year-old looked in good form before being dismissed for 19. pietersen is hoping to find a way back into the english set-up.
mark selby beats Kurt Maflin 6-3 in their first round match at the Crucible. the 31-year-old is defending his title after winning last year's final. no first-time champion in Sheffield has returned to retain the trophy 12 months later.
argentine centre Marcelo Bosch has signed a contract extension at allianz park. the 31-year-old was the hero of Saracens' european champions cup quarter-final victory over racing metro 11 days ago. the 33 times-capped international joined Saracens from biarritz in 2013.
BT have agreed a £3.6million shirt sponsorship deal with the sru. the telecommunications giant will take over from former backers rbs. all form of jersey advertising is banned during the rugby world cup.
world no 1 mark selby will face debutant Kurt maflin in the first round. maflin is one of only 21 players in history to have hit multiple 147 breaks in professional competitions. selby has won two titles this season ahead of his defence.
michael phelps won the 100 metres butterfly at the arena pro swim series. the 18-time Olympic gold-medallist was suspended for six months. he was banned by USA swimming for failing a drink-driving test last september.
Caster semenya won in 2 minutes, 5.05 seconds in Stellenbosch. her winning time was just over four seconds off the qualifying mark for the Worlds in Beijing in august. the former 800 world title-holder and 2012 Olympic silver medalist has run sparingly over the last three years because of injury problems.
arsenal under-21s lost 3-2 to middlesbrough at the Riverside stadium. goalkeeper deyan iliev was sent off inside 15 minutes. Emmanuel ledesma converted the resulting penalty past substitute matt macey.
manchester united lost 1-0 to chelsea at the etihad stadium on saturday. it was mata's first return to the club since leaving in January last year. the spaniard admits he was 'proud' of his side's performance.
the batsman was unbeaten on 222 not out at Trent bridge on sunday. hales shared in a third wicket stand of 171 with james Taylor, who scored 59. the 26-year-old passed three figures for the 10th time in his career.
Tony Pulis has never managed to guide a team into the top half of the premier league. he won promotion with Stoke and turned around crystal palace's fortunes last season. west brom are seven points above the relegation zone this season.
Steve Bruce admits his side need a couple of 'crazy results' if they are to avoid relegation from the premier league. the tigers head to the south coast knowing that they can't afford to slip up. goalkeeper allan mcgregor could lose his place in the side.
Liam Phillips won the 2013 BMX world title and was the world cup series champion in 2014. the 26-year-old plans to use 2015 to experiment with tactics in a bid to arrive at the start gate in Rio full of confidence. 'there's challenges this season that I would love to accomplish, which don't necessarily mean going to a race and winning,' he said.
Aaron cook was left out of the 2012 taekwondo squad at the olympics. the 24-year-old applied for citizenship from Moldova earlier this month. the british Olympic association ratified the move on thursday.
thousands of fans stayed away from the club's last game, a 3-1 defeat by spurs. the official attendance was 47,427 - the stadium has a capacity of 52,000. protesters are calling for a repeat when Swansea head to Tyneside on saturday.
Alan pardew's five-game winning run was crucial to the club's season. without those five wins, Newcastle would only be on 20 points in the league. fans protested for the board to sack pardew and were delighted when he resigned.
2-0 victory over Swansea made it three wins in a row for the first time since 2000. qpr, burnley, sunderland and sunderland are now shorter odds to go down with bookmakers. here, sportsmail assesses the key themes of Leicester's revival.
dele alli won the football league young player of the year award on sunday. the 19-year-old has yet to feature for spurs having been loaned back. the midfielder is determined to repay his boyhood club's faith.
Sam allardyce's contract expires at the end of the season. garry monk has been touted as a potential replacement. but the 36-year-old insists allardyce is a perfect fit for west ham.
Ryan Hardie scored a brace on his full debut against dumbarton. the 18-year-old had made just four substitute appearances at the dumbarton stadium. the former Celtic full-back's last goal was also against Rangers.
Rangers currently lead the way in the race for second spot in the championship. finishing immediately behind newly-crowned champions hearts would spare the Gers the bother of two extra hazardous games in the play-offs. the teams finishing third and fourth facing off over two legs before taking on the second tier's runners-up. the winner of that tie then faces the second-bottom side in a crucial winner-takes-all battle.
Yannick Bolasie scored a hat-trick in just over 10 minutes at the Stadium of light on saturday afternoon. the winger completed his treble in the second half with a second-half brace. crystal palace boss alan pardew made his first trip back to north east london since leaving the club in January.
Dave king has been nominated to become the next chairman of the scottish club. he must convince the SFA that 41 convictions under south african tax law are not a breach of the governing body's regulations. the south africa-based businessman ousted the previous directors last month and plans a return to the boardroom.
liverpool have been linked with a move for burnley's Danny ings. manchester city's james milner is also a target for the reds. petr cech could be out of reach for the reds if psg make a move. norberto neto is destined for a move to ac milan.
Aaron cresswell has been linked with a move to manchester city. the west ham full back has had a fine debut season in the premier league. but allardyce has warned him that the grass isn't always greener.
former spokesman for the Glazer family has written a book about them. 'the Glazer gatekeeper: six years speaking for manchester united's silent owners' challenges popular perception about the family. 'the family were always in it for the long haul and wanted to overtake chelsea'
Wojciech szczesny celebrated his 25th birthday with friends and family. the arsenal goalkeeper was treated to a private birthday performance. he was joined at his home by his girlfriend, singer-songwriter Mariana luczenko.
Johann Gudmundsson equalised for the hosts with just eight minutes played. the winger headed over a stranded Stephen Henderson in front of the travelling fans in the Jimmy seed stand. it was not the victory manager kit symons had called for but a point away from home probably secures their future in the championship.
barcelona and real madrid are both looking for players to leave the club. bara want limited departures from the first team this summer because they can't sign players until January. at real madrid the need for a clear-out could make the exodus bigger than in most other seasons. sportsmail look at 10 potential Clasico exports from the two clubs.
FC united of manchester's new 5,000-capacity stadium is nearing completion. the ground is in a park in the middle of a working-class suburb east of the city centre. it is a symbol that there is another way a million miles away from billion-pound TV deals, fat-cat owners, sanitised stadia.
thousands of supporters are planning to boycott Sunday's home match against spurs. the 50-year-old has found himself the target of angry fans who are disillusioned with Mike Ashley’s running of the club. carver is the only public face of the club and is forced to answer – or deflect – questions about the hierarchy on a weekly basis.
Mauricio pochettino hopes to see an improvement in form against Newcastle. he believes that both Harry Kane and Ryan Mason have been affected by the call-up. pochettino believes the pair have expended a lot of energy since returning.
Ashley young moved to manchester united in June 2011 from aston villa. the 29-year-old admits it took time for him to come into his own at the club. young feels he has an important role to play under louis van gaal.
Juventus' starting line-up had an average age of 30years 64days. the slender 1-0 quarter-final first leg win over Monaco was their second oldest. inter hold the record for fielding the oldest starting line-up in the competition.
Manny Pacquiao met up with saved by the bell actor Mario Lopez. the 36-year-old took to social media to show off his ripped torso. welterweight boxer faces boxer Floyd mayweather in las vegas on may 2.
Tim Krul congratulated sunderland striker jermain Defoe on his goal at half-time. sportsmail's Jamie carragher has lambasted the goalkeeper. sportsmail's Danny Murphy agreed with the criticism of the gesture.
Tomas Berdych will face either Grigor Dimitrov or gael monfils in the semi-finals of the Monte Carlo Masters. milos Raonic retired from the quarter-final due to a foot injury. the big-serving Canadian called a trainer after dropping serve for the second time to trail 5-2 in the first.
chelsea are weighing up a move for west ham striker enner valencia. the blues earmarked the Ecuadorian in January as they chased Juan cuadrado and Douglas costa from shakhtar. chelsea have been weighing up various strikers with didier drogba turning 37 last month.
Steve Clarke admits his side must be 'perfect' to beat arsenal. the royals face the gunners in the FA cup semi-final at wembley on saturday. reading have struggled in the championship this campaign.
amir khan has admitted he does not know who he will fight on may 30. he announced that he would face Chris algieri at wembley on June 13. reports in the us suggested tv network showtime were not interested.
Jessica ennis-hill, mo farah and greg rutherford set to compete. all three won their gongs on super Saturday three years ago. event includes world’s only two-day diamond league meeting.
Wojciech szczesny has been deposed as arsenal's no 1 goalkeeper. he will start in the FA cup semi-final against reading at wembley. szczesny has made just three appearances for the gunners this season.
manuel pellegrini's side trained at their Etihad campus on wednesday. city face west ham at the etihad stadium on sunday afternoon. city striker Sergio aguero took part in shooting practice against goalkeeper Joe hart.
Adrian heath is the manager of the newest MLS team, Orlando city. former manchester city and everton midfielder has been here for eight years. the 53-year-old says english fans are 'fascinated' by american football.
atletico madrid drew 0-0 with real madrid in their champions league quarter-final first-leg tie. former atletico forward David villa cheered on his former club. the 33-year-old has joined MLS newcomers new york city FC.
Ronda Rousey visited Manny Pacquiao's training camp in los angeles. 'truly honored to meet such a humble and genuine person,' she wrote. the fast and furious 7 star has signed a multi-fight deal with the ufc.
patrcik bamford has scored 19 goals in all competitions this season. the 21-year-old striker is currently on loan at championship side middlesbrough. his current deal at the etihad stadium is set to expire at the end of the season.
in 2012-13, 13 million different americans watched at least one top-flight english game live. last season that was 32 million — or more than one in 10 people in the us. this weekend, for the first time, NBC have transported their entire premier league production from their HQ in stamford, Connecticut, to england. star anchor Rebecca lowe was at Turf moor for burnley against arsenal, joined by former us midfielder Kyle Martino and fellow pundit Robbie Earle
the american holds an open workout for the media on wednesday night. the session will be streamed live across the world from 12am uk (7pm edt)
Manny Pacquiao will be put through his paces at the iconic wild card gym in los angeles this evening. the Filipino icon will be under the watchful eye of trainer Freddie Roach. after mayweather was almost two hours late for his workout, Pacquiao has promised to be on time.
Floyd mayweather rang his car dealer at 3am to order a £1.5million bugatti. the car was delivered 11 hours later and was added to boxer's collection. owner of luxury motors, Obi Okele, said it made him a 'better person'
Grigor dimitrov beats defending champion Stan wawrinka 6-1 6-2. wawrinka failed to get on the board in the match until the fifth game. the world no 9 will now face frenchman gael monfils in the last eight.
Rafael Nadal beat american John Isner 7-6 (8/6) 4-6 6-3 at the monte carlo masters. he will now face fellow spaniard David ferrer in the last eight. world number two Roger Federer lost to gael monfils 6-4 7-6 (7/5), who beat defending champion Stanislas wawrinka 6-1 6-2.
the referee for mayweather-pacquiao fight will earn $10,000 (£6,800) the fight at the MGM grand on may 2 is expected to draw revenue of around $400m (£273m) both boxers are expected to pick up huge pay days from the fight.
Manny Pacquiao has released a music video for 'i'm fighting for Filipinos' the video features footage of his compatriots in the country. the 36-year-old boxer will face boxing legend Floyd mayweather on may 2.
atletico madrid have been able to replace stars from David de gea to thibaut courtois. playmaker Diego ribas became Arda turan under manager Diego simeone. striker mario balotelli was sold to barcelona but replaced by mandzukic. no club has used third-party ownership in spain more to its advantage.
Steve Clarke wants scheduling of matches in england to improve. reading had to play replay on a Monday night after playing on a Saturday. if they progress to the final, that will be contested on may 30.
'Chef Q' spends $321.43 (around £220) on'snack day' for her boss. 'he loves his snacks! he usually snacks on different things, Twizzlers is his favourite thing, sometimes he may want cookies, sometimes he may want chips,' she says. 'we build champions around here. what would life be without Kool-aid?'.
atletico madrid drew 0-0 with real madrid in their champions league clash. serbian referee Milorad Mazic failed to penalise mandzukic for an elbow. brazilian defender Miranda has criticised officials from'minor leagues'.
Philipp lahm was speaking to BT sport pundit Owen Hargreaves. the pair played together at bayern munich from 2000-2007. lahm was speaking as part of a special documentary 'inside Bayern Munich with Owen Hargreaves'
theo Walcott will sit down with arsenal chiefs in the next fortnight. the 26-year-old has just over 12 months left on his current £90,000-a-week deal. the winger has attracted interest from manchester city and liverpool.
real madrid drew 0-0 with atletico madrid at the Vicente calderon on tuesday night. gareth bale missed the best chance of the game early in the first half. cristiano ronaldo and gareth bale both scored in extra-time.
Mario mandzukic appeared to be punched and bitten by Daniel carvajal. the real madrid defender appeared to move his mouth towards mandzukic's arm. mandzukic was on the receiving end of a number of hits from real defenders.
former manchester united midfielder insists he starred in a 'piece of art' you and the night has a number of racy scenes, including a scene in a cage. but the 48-year-old insists it is not pornography and is 'beautiful'
eight of united's first-team squad and six from city are from spain. nine english-speakers are expected to be in the two sides' respective squads. the derby could see no hometown native in either squad for the second time in living memory.
crystal palace beat sunderland 4-1 in the premier league on saturday. yannick boltasie scored three as palace moved closer to the drop zone. arsenal kept up their impressive recent form with a 1-0 win over burnley.
Wilfried zaha made just four appearances for manchester united in two years. the 22-year-old winger was signed by then boss sir alex Ferguson in 2013. he was loaned back to crystal palace for the remainder of the season.
Eric cantona believes javier pastore is the best player in the world. the former manchester united striker was speaking at the Laureus world sports awards in Shanghai. pastore has scored three goals and five assists this season.
real madrid drew 0-0 with city rivals atletico madrid on tuesday. atletico goalkeeper Jan Oblak impressed in goal for his side. real could have settled the tie in the first half... 'but Oblak said no'. barcelona face psg in the last 16 on wednesday night.
Chris maguire scored an injury time penalty to salvage a point for the hosts. the result leaves Bournemouth second in the premier league table. howe was left 'heartbroken' but also frustrated with the referee.
Zlatan Ibrahimovic has bagged 17 Ligue 1 goals this season. but midfielder Marco verratti says he plays an 'essential role' for PSG. the 33-year-old is available for the club's champions league quarter-final second leg against barcelona.
Eric cantona believes manchester united are 'kings of the city' again. former united captain believes they have found the right man in louis van gaal. cantona was speaking at the Laureus sports awards in Shanghai on Tuesday.
Bournemouth drew 2-2 with Sheffield Wednesday in their premier league clash. callum Wilson was brought down by a defender at Dean court. referee failed to award a penalty, sparking furious reactions from fans.
petr cech posted a video on his YouTube channel playing the drums to'magnificent' by u2. the 32-year-old has fallen behind Belgian goalkeeper Thibaut courtois. cech is expected to leave stamford bridge this summer.
manolo gabbiadini heads the visitors in front moments after coming on as a second-half substitute. former arsenal striker Nicklas bendtner pulls a goal back for the hosts in the 80th minute. stefan eriksen's side have now lost just once in their last 26 matches in all competitions.
porto beat bayern munich 3-1 in the first leg of their champions league quarter-final. the 'dragons' are unbeaten in the competition after reaching the last eight. Julen lopetegui's side beat basle 5-1 on aggregate in the last round.
Todd Phillips, a front-outside tire changer for dayle coyne racing, was injured when he was struck by the car of Francesco Dracone. the car spun while exiting his put box, clipping Phillips' leg. Phillips was taken to the infield care center for treatment where he has received stitches for a cut on his leg and has been released.
arjen Robben has missed his side's last three games due to abdominal injury. the winger has revealed he will be able to start running again in a few days. the former real madrid star hopes to return for the cup semi-final against borussia Dortmund on April 28.
Jurgen Klopp announced he will leave borussia Dortmund at the end of the season. the german won two league titles, the german cup and reached the champions league final, in 2013 at wembley. the 63-year-old had moments where he laughed along with his boss, borussia Dortmund sporting director michael zorc.
alvaro arbeloa, asier Illarramendi and nacho gave adidas a behind-the-scenes tour of their HQ. each player has their own personalised room where they can rest before and after training or ahead of a home game. there are also communal suites where players such as Cristiano Ronaldo, gareth bale and james rodriguez can socialise. each room is fitted with a finger recognition system fitted on the door.
some fans in the east stand at the Etihad will pay £1,750 for a season ticket. the club say the change is due to upgrades during the stadium's expansion. some fans claim manuel pellegrini's side are abusing their loyalty.
David Silva was caught in the face by the on-rushing Cheikhou Kouyate. the manchester city star was taken to hospital as a precaution. but tests showed no fracture and he declared himself fit on monday.
Russia beat montenegro 3-0 in a euro 2016 qualifier in Podgorica. the match was abandoned after 67 minutes due to a flare from the stands. the football association of montenegro have been fined £36,280 by UEFA.
Manchester city's under 18s side fell to a 3-1 defeat by chelsea in the FA youth cup final first-leg on monday night. captain Vincent Kompany, manager manuel pellegrini and head of youth development Patrick vieira were in attendance. chelsea's first-team are currently top of the premier league table, while city's are fourth.
manchester united beat manchester city 2-1 at old trafford on sunday. marouane fellaini opened the scoring with a header from a corner. aguero doubled the lead with a superb strike into the top corner. robin van persie pulled one back for the visitors before half-time. aaron ramsey pulled one back for the visitors before half-time. aaron ramsey equalised for the visitors
chief executive Paul aldridge will leave the club at the end of next season. aldridge has previously worked at west ham, Leicester city and man city. chairman dejphon chansiri said the trio would form a 'three-man sporting director by committee' at hillsborough.
Patrick Bamford won the championship player of the year award on sunday. the 21-year-old striker is currently on loan at championship side middlesbrough. he believes his long-term future lies at the etihad stadium. 'there’s no reason why I wouldn’t want to be at Chelsea,' he said.
Chelsea are believed to have made an offer for FC Tokyo forward Yoshinorimuto. the 22-year-old international would be the first Japanese player to sign for the blues if he completes a move to stamford bridge this summer. but manager jose mourinho is adamant that commercial deals would never fully dictate his transfer policy.
moeen ali named as ambassador for Liverpool's fan club in Pakistan. the 27-year-old has been called up for final two tests in the west indies. the pak reds has branches in lahore, Islamabad, Hyderabad, Karachi, peshawar and chapwal.
winger Josh mantellato scored four tries and kicked 14 points for the Robins. mantellato's last three tries came within the space of seven decisive minutes. it was only the Robins second cup tie success since reaching the quarter-finals in 2011.
defender Ricardo carvalho was booked for a challenge on alvaro morata. it was not clear whether there was further contact after the challenge. the penalty was awarded in the first leg of the quarter-final first leg. click here for all the latest football news.
Paris saint-Germain face barcelona in the second leg of their last-eight champions league tie on tuesday. former manchester united star Eric cantona has claimed that javier pastore is 'the best player in the world' the argentine has dismissed the claim, saying that lionel messi and cristiano ronaldo are a class above him.
in-form winger Aaron Murphy scored twice in a seven-try romp. former wakefield wildcats star has now scored six tries in his last five.
Gary cahill has yet to win the premier league with Chelsea this season. the defender has won four cups with the club since joining in 2012. but he believes league glory would be his most testing achievement yet.
Mike Ashley has been accused of making Newcastle a 'boring' club. sportsmail columnist says he only wants to make money from the club. carragher says he's alarmed at the state of the north east club.
PSG face barcelona in the champions league on tuesday night. the french champions were beaten 3-1 in the first leg in paris. Zlatan Ibrahimovic and Marco verratti will be available for the second leg.
Bangladesh beat fellow world cup quarter-finalists by 79 runs in the first one-day international in dhaka. Tamim iqbal and Mushfiqur Rahim scored centuries as Bangladesh made 329 for six and Pakistan could only muster 250 in reply.
Andy Lee is making the first defence of his world middleweight title. he faces former champion Peter quillin in new york on saturday. the 32-year-old is confident he is ready for anything quillin has in his locker.
Eddie hearn has offered £1.5m to set-up a fight with super-bantamweight champion Carl frampton at the manchester arena. the matchroom promoter said the cheque offered 1.5m reasons for the two boxers to fight. however, efforts to make a fight with super-bantamweight champion Scott quigg remain deadlocked.
Sean reardon was pulled over for suspected drink driving in chico, california. he claims he was wrestled to the floor by police and hit with a baton or stick. the 30-year-old also suffered multiple broken bones, including ribs and nose. the incident is likely to inflame tensions about police brutality.
the tour down under is a big part of the international cycling season. it contributes more to the south australian economy than the f1 grand prix. a trip here is enough to convince anyone that Adelaide is the true food capital of australia.
Bridget Olinda Garcia, 32, had confiscated her 13-year-old's mobile phone. she was preparing to leave their home in port st. lucie, florida, police say. after bundling his three siblings into her car, she started reversing. the teen jumped onto the hood of the car and suffered non-life threatening injuries.
YouTube star Cassey ho has hit back at the cruel comments left under her fitness-focused videos by viewers who accuse her of being 'too fat' to 'ugly' to 'pudgy' in her new video, the 28-year-old examines whether conforming to society's standards is the key to happiness.
a protective dad has devised a creative way to keep the boys away from his young daughter - by printing his muscly torso on a t-shirt. 'Stay clear boys,' a message on the shirt warns. 'this is my dad!' while his daughter doesn't look too happy about the new attire, her father is pictured grinning beside her.
Steven pienaar has made just 11 appearances for everton this season. the midfielder has been dogged by groin and knee injuries. pienaar returned from his latest setback in the 1-1 draw with Swansea.
more and more women are commissioning'she sheds' at the bottom of the garden. the single-storey structures are becoming a safe haven. they are being decked out with Moroccan rugs, chandeliers and coffee tables. some have even installed a diner complete with a working jukebox.
the 250-piece Lilly Pulitzer for target collection sold out online and flew off of shelves at stores shortly after debuting on sunday. more than 30,000 pieces have been listed for resale on ebay, many at higher price points.
Danny welbeck talks to sportsmail's martin keown ahead of arsenal's FA cup semi-final against reading. the arsenal striker expects a tough test as the gunners face a championship side at wembley for the second year in a row. welbeck scored against manchester united in the premier league.
Chelsea have announced a partnership with wellness solutions provider Technogym. the company have kitted out their cobham training ground with state-of-the-art equipment. players including Eden Hazard and cesar azpilicueta have been pictured working out in the gym.
Radamel falcao spent his evening with Jonas gutierrez at anfield. the defender was introduced as a second-half substitute against liverpool. the Colombia striker posted a picture of the pair on his Instagram account.
Virgil van dijk scored his second 20-yard free-kick in as many games. joe mackay-steven gave the visitors the lead in the 32nd minute. daniel mackay-steven doubled the lead in the 63rd minute. daniel mackay-steven scored his second goal in as many games. van dijk missed out on the player of the year award at the end of the season.
Manny Pacquiao and Floyd mayweather have just over two weeks to go. the mega-fight takes place at the MGM grand garden arena on may 2. the Filipino boxer has been keen to show off his toned physique.
commercial diver and ocean lover Johnny Debnam was free diving off the coast of western australia when he had his cuddle with the stingray. the 150 kilogram ray swam over him three times, enveloping him in its gentle embrace. 'i was totally at peace. I loved that thing going over the top of me,' said the 29-year-old.
'battle of Holland' saw Raymond van barneveld beat Michael van Gerwen 7-3. Robin van persie watched on a camel TV and showed his support. 'the bullet' Stephen bunting and 'the bullet' Phil Taylor ended their losing runs.
Eric Abidal believes that barcelona have the potential to secure a famous treble by winning la liga, the champions league and the copa del rey this season. former defender was part of pep guardiola's brilliant team that won the treble in 2009. 'it is possible to achieve a treble but in football it is very complicated,' says former defender.
real madrid close gap on league leaders barcelona to just two points. gareth bale and luka modric both injured in defeat to malaga. los blancos captain Sergio Ramos opened the scoring in the 24th minute. james rodriguez made it 2-0 in the 69th minute after Ronaldo missed a penalty.
richie benaut died last week at the age of 84 of complications from skin cancer. a small private funeral service was attended by close family and friends in Sydney on Wednesday. former players Shane warne and Ianchappell attended the service.
nacer chadli opened the scoring for tottenham on the half-hour mark with a well-placed left-footed strike. Christian Eriksen doubled spurs' lead on the hour mark with a curling free-kick into the bottom corner. spurs doubled their lead on the hour mark with a well-placed left-footed strike. spurs equalised for the second time in the game on the hour mark with a well-place
divock origi signed for liverpool for £10million last summer. the striker has been loaned back to former club Lille this season. striker says goalkeeper Simon mignolet has been helping him prepare for the'special feeling' of playing at anfield.
inverness defender Josh meekings has been banned for one match. the inverness caley thistle centre-back was charged over the handball that thwarted a leigh Griffiths effort in their semi-final victory. meekings will learn on Thursday whether he has been successful in challenging the one-match suspension offered by compliance officer Tony McGlennan.
a new set of regulations to try and crack down on violence at sports events. FIFA and UEFA have strict rules aimed at protecting member federations' independence in running their own affairs. the Greek government wants to stamp out crowd trouble.
manchester city beat west ham 2-0 at the Etihad on saturday afternoon. sergio aguero opened the scoring with his 20th goal of the season. the argentine striker then added a second after the break to make it 2-0. west ham defender james Collins had an own goal disallowed for offside.
David moyes was sacked by manchester united exactly a year ago. under louis van gaal, united have won more league points than last season. van gaal has been criticised for building play rather than attacking.
Carlo ancelotti and Diego simeone were runners-up at ballon d'or in January. atletico madrid boss said life would be easier if atletico weren't around. atletico beat real madrid 4-0 in the first leg of the champions league quarter-final.
the 4WD burst into flames in the middle of an outdoor car park at Sydney airport's busy international terminal. witnesses reported seeing fire spewing from the bonnet of the vehicle. the fire caused traffic delays throughout the international terminal due to heavy smoke.
the 50-year-old collapsed just after ordering breakfast at the 101 legian hotel in the tourist town of Kuta in bali. he was unable to be revived but a doctor at the scene said that it was likely he died of a heart attack. an autopsy has yet to be carried out to find the exact cause of death.
mechanical arm slams into the suitcases and thrusts them onto a lower track. not known where this video was taken, but believed to be an international airport. the video has been met with mixed responses.
Tegan Peters, 22, from Auckland said she immediately wanted to warn her community after finding a tennis ball deliberately covered in sharp pins in Ti Rakau park, south of Auckland. she said she noticed the ball as she was driving past and decided to pull over, thinking it could be a good present for her one-year-old Rottweiler-cross, Odin.
Michael j from Michigan filmed his 11-month-old daughter leighton in floods of tears before she was handed a french fry to lure over the family pup, Zayla.
insurers using'reasonable care' clause to refuse to pay out if burgled. police warn would-be thieves will check social networks before striking. holidaymakers warned to 'think carefully about what you put on social media'
Warren sapp, 42, was arrested the night after the super bowl in phoenix, arizona, on a prostitution charge after an alleged incident involving two women. in a police video released on monday, he cries, cackles and confesses about what exactly went down back on february 2. in the video, he admits he paid for oral sex and that 'everyone got naked' after he 'put $600
Paul Warren smith, 61, is facing an animal cruelty charge after police say he was caught on tape tossing five puppies over a six-foot fence at the humane society on saturday. in the video, the man is seen pulling the five puppies from a cardboard box recovered from the back of the van and flinging them over the fence. all five puppies are healthy and uninjured; each will be put up for adoption when they are at least 8 weeks old.
holidaymakers disembarked to find empty arrivals hall at terminal 3. border force claim a number of passengers were checked by officers. former airport worker claims arriving passengers are frequently unchecked. he even claimed border agent manning passport kiosk was illegal immigrant.
the tory leader hit back at presenter Andrew marr, after being left baffled by questions during an interview on Sunday. it came as he turned the clock back to ape John major’s election soapbox by climbing on to a wooden pallet to address the party faithful. he ended up being heckled by someone claiming ‘the NHS is dying’.
videoed outside by its owner Tracy, the young german shepherd named Kali bounces about the decking playfully while its adopted mother relaxes on the floor. the video concludes with the young puppy immediately becoming unsettled and chewing on the corner of its toy bone while in its bed.
the man fell onto tracks in the green and yellow lines of the metro system. he was pulled to safety by two men who leaped down after him. the man, who has not been named, only suffered minor face injuries.
Virgil van dijk scored in Celtic's 3-2 defeat to inverness in the semi-final. the defender wants his side to bounce back and win the scottish premiership. van dijk says if they win the league they still improve from last year.
Patrick Bamford has scored 19 goals for middlesbrough this season. he is on loan from chelsea and could be the answer to Harry Kane. but he says he wants to fight for his place at stamford bridge with the blues.
traffic began to build up on the M58 around switch island in merseyside. a silver Mercedes attempted to undertake the trafffic on the outside lane. but a silver Renault driver pulled into the inside lane to block the Mercedes. the pair then swerve around the lane for over a minute before confronting each other.
porto were thrashed 6-1 at the hands of bayern munich in the champions league quarter-finals on tuesday night. the squad were given a hero's welcome as they arrived back in portugal. the team bus was met with a cacophony of fiercely-proud chanting.
Raheem sterling was filmed apparently passing out after inhaling nitrous oxide. the 20-year-old is seen laughing and giggling before apparently passing out. the video was taken at his home in southport in the days before a game. sterling was also exposed on sunday after he was caught puffing on a shisha pipe.
Nathan has been in contract dispute with his club atletico paranaense. the 19-year-old is expected to speak to Chelsea next week. the attacking midfielder would join fellow brazilians Willian, Ramires, Filipe Luis and Oscar at stamford bridge.
Ron aydelott, head coach for the riverdale high school warriors in murfreesboro for nearly ten years, suffered serious facial injuries in the attack, which will require surgery. witnesses said a 17-year-old alleged attacker became violent after he felt 'disrespected' the boy was arrested by a school resource officer and charged with aggravated assault.
the 20-day-old'spider goat' was born with four forelegs and two hind legs. farmer xiao qibin said the baby goat is growing quickly and healthily. he said he wants the kid to grow up naturally and happily.
west brom are weighing up the possibility of signing alassane pleaa. the 22-year-old has scored three goals for nice this season. former blackburn defender Bryan dabo is also under scrutiny.
Sergey burkaev, 16, and konstantin surkov, 17, 'raped their last victim' duo doused all five bodies in petrol and set them alight at a flat in south-west russia. pair fled in stolen car but were arrested by traffic officers who saw vehicle.
James milner will make a decision over his future at the end of the season. the midfielder has interest from both liverpool and arsenal. however, reports suggest he has already outlined a move to anfield.
Serie a champions want to strengthen attacking options this summer. corriere dello sport claim that juve have a plan in place to sign cavani. the striker has admitted his frustration at being played out of position. manchester united also hold an interest in the forward. cavani's agent claims his client is most likely to move to england or spain.
Felipe Anderson set up lazio's winner against Napoli on wednesday night. the 21-year-old has attracted interest from manchester city, arsenal and liverpool. Gonzalo higuain is unsettled at Napoli with coach Rafa benitez set to leave.
andre gomes has been linked with a move to manchester united and Chelsea. but the 21-year-old insists he wants to stay at the mestalla this summer. gomes has netted four times in 25 games since leaving Benfica last summer.
Memphis depay has scored 19 goals in 25 league games so far this season. the 21-year-old is a manchester united target. depay's former manager louis van gaal is said to be interested.
Marc Tierney fractured his ankle playing against yeovil in 2013. the 29-year-old was set for a call-up to the republic of ireland squad. he has been forced to cut short his career after a series of operations.
oribe peralta scored in the 89th minute to earn a 1-1 draw. argentine striker Ignacio piatti had put the impact ahead early in the first half. the impact now need a scoreless draw or a win in the second leg.
yokohama rubber signed a £200m sponsorship deal with chelsea in february. club president claims that chelsea have made an offer for Muto. the 22-year-old forward will join Vitesse arnhem on loan next season. a £4million deal has been mooted for the japan international.
Martin Skrtel has been linked with a summer switch away from anfield. the 30-year-old has made over 200 league appearances for the reds. however, he has rejected the rumours and says he won't be leaving.
women typically take and delete five pictures before settling on a selfie. men are happy only on their fourth try, according to a new survey. two in three women feel anxious just having their photo taken. looking at snaps on social media made 41 per cent feel bad about themselves.
Siem de Jong played 72 minutes for the club's under-21s on Tuesday. he set up striker Adam Armstrong for the decisive goal against aston villa. the 26-year-old has only made one league start for the magpies this season. de Jong is in contention for a seat on the bench against Swansea.
Spencer bell, 71, bravely ventured on to motorway after man fell from bridge. but as he tended to victim, he was struck by a Toyota driven by Iram Shahzad. mother-of-three was sentenced to 14 months imprisonment, suspended for two years, and banned from driving for 18 months.
Abou Diaby's contract expires at the end of the season. talks over his future will not begin until after the season. the midfielder will be allowed to use the club's training facilities.
driver blindly followed sat nav down unregistered road in Gloucestershire. ended up losing the roof of the lorry suspended in the air between a hedge and a tree. officers tweeted a picture of the mishap to warn other drivers.
manchester city beat west ham 2-0 at the Etihad stadium on sunday. playmaker David Silva was caught in the face by an elbow from cheikhou kouyate. tests have confirmed the spaniard suffered no fractures. but the club say the player will still need careful monitoring this week.
Brendan rodgers has come under-fire following a disappointing third season. the 42-year-old has led to some unhappy fans calling for his dismissal. ex-reds' striker Stan collymore believes rodgers is the right man to take the club forward.
David Silva was caught in the face by an elbow from west ham's cheikhou kouyate on sunday. the 29-year-old required eight minutes of treatment on the field. he was eventually taken to hospital where tests revealed he had not suffered a fracture.
Aston villa and reading have been charged by the football association. both clubs have until Thursday to respond to the charge. it is alleged that the clubs failed to prevent spectators encroaching on the pitch following their quarter-final victories.
Tomas berdych defeated gael monfils 6-1, 6-4 to reach the final. the sixth-seed will face either Rafael nadal or top-ranked novak djokovic. monfils won just 11 points in a lopsided first set against the Czech.
Jeremy 'J flash' Nichols takes on the role of Manny Pacquiao in a mock interview. 'J flash' pokes fun at the 36-year-old's religious faith and claims his mother uses Voodoo.'mayweather' and 'pacquiao' will fight at the MGM grand in Las Vegas on may 2.
Frankie dettori will concentrate on the British flat season this summer. sheik Joaan al-thani has signed up Gregory Benoist to ride in france. dettori finished third on al-shaqab's moheet in yesterday's newmarket race.
maro itoje impressed making his first start in europe. the Vunipola brothers were magnificent for the hosts. maro itoje was impressive making his first start in europe.
Kevin pietersen scored 170 in his first outing for Surrey this season. but the 34-year-old only managed 19 runs against Glamorgan. former captain Mike gatting believes pietersen should not walk straight back into the international set-up even if he scores runs.
west indies captain denesh Ramdin confirms devendra bishoo will play in the second test against england. 'with a leg-spinner you get bad balls and you get beauties,' said Ramdin. 'with a leg-spinner you get bad balls and you get beauties,' said Ramdin.
no tourists have played in Pakistan since the terrorist attack on Sri Lanka's team bus in lahore in march 2009. 'home' test and ODI series have taken place in the united arab Emirates. details of Zimbabwe's proposed trip are also not yet known.
point guard Stephen curry nearly single-handedly outscored the pelicans with 11 first quarter points. the Warriors built a 15-point lead and rolled to victory in game one of their western conference first-round series. the top seed in the west recorded a 19th straight home win and 40th in 42 games this year.
mark mccarthy's side face a Clermont side that made northampton look like a pub side only two weeks ago. Jacques burger, who was a nemesis in last year's semi-final, is back after a one-match ban. fly half Charlie hodgson will run the show for mark mccarthy's side. england centre Brad barritt will captain mark mccarthy's side
alastair cook hasn't scored a test century since may 2013. england captain still has full support of his coach, team-mates and selectors. he is unbeaten in four tests and remains unbeaten in his last four.
this year marks the 40th anniversary of snooker’s most prestigious tournament. there is interest from china in hosting the event. but world snooker chairman Barry hearn has rubbished rumours.
Scott sinclair has scored three goals in 10 games for aston villa. the winger is currently on loan from manchester city. sinclair wants to make his move permanent at the end of the season.
Danny ings has been linked with moves to borussia monchengladbach and real sociedad. the 22-year-old has scored nine premier league goals this season. ings insists he wants to play and develop wherever he ends up.
dressage champion Charlotte dujardin won the grand prix at the world cup. the 29-year-old and her horse won the world title in Lyon last year. dujardin recorded a score of 85.414 percent to finish clear of Dutchman Edward gal with american Steffen Peters in third.
Sam gallagher scored winner as Southampton beat blackburn 2-1 on monday. the 19-year-old has had an injury-hit season under Mauricio pochettino. he has not even been named in the matchday squad since arrival of ronald koeman.
Fernando Torres spent three-and-a-half seasons at liverpool. the 31-year-old struck up a close friendship with the former captain. Torres has struggled for form since leaving the club in 2011. the striker has scored four goals since returning to atletico on loan.
Harry childs, Jack Hutchins, Dean foreman and Bradley pack jailed for affray. incident occurred after last season's 3-3 draw between QPR and burnley. childs, Hutchins and foreman found guilty of the offences on march 6.
Jonas gutierrez not named in squad for 3-1 defeat by spurs on sunday. head coach John carver said he was left out for'selection reasons' sources close to the player say he was axed following row with carver.
Jermain Defoe posted a photo on his Instagram page enjoying a game of basketball. sunderland are in the middle of a Premier League relegation battle. Defoe scored a sublime volley as his side defeated rivals Newcastle.
sunderland lost 4-0 to crystal palace at the stadium of light on saturday. the defeat leaves the north london side six points off the relegation zone. manager dick advocaat is'very worried' about his side's form.
sunderland are two places and three points above the relegation zone. the black cats have won just one in nine games and are odds-on to finish inside the bottom three come may 24. manager Dick Advocaat has concerns over the physical strength of his players.
Nelson oliveira is on loan at Swansea from portuguese giants Benfica. the 23-year-old has struggled for first-team action at the south wales club. oliveira is hoping to take the chance presented to him by the absence of the in-form bafetimbi gomis. the striker has recovered from a training-ground ankle injury.
sepp Blatter said nothing will stop Russia hosting the 2018 world cup. the 79-year-old said he was 'proud' of the country's preparations. he said the 2018 world cup will be his 10th after 40 years working for football's world governing body.
city sporting director txiki begiristain watched porto in action against bayern munich. city are also keen admirers of former chelsea midfielder Kevin de bruyne. city are currently fourth in the premier league table.
Mauricio pochettino has been rescued by the kids this season, says redknapp. former QPR boss says the club have not moved forward under pochettino. redknapp also criticised the club's recruitment policy after selling gareth bale.
Martin odegaard was refused a rating by spanish newspaper AS. the 16-year-old wonderkid was dropped by manager Zinedine zidane. he was substituted after 65 minutes against Tudelano on sunday.
Bayern thrashed porto 6-1 in their champions league quarter-final. pep guardiola's trousers tore at the top of his leg during the game. 'terror in munich' and 'disaster in porto' dominate headlines in germany. 'it would be giant if Monaco overturn the score and reach the semis,' says l'equipe.
Mark Halsey has slammed the decision to ignore referee mark Clattenburg. former premier league referee said the english game would be a 'laughing stock' over the decision. 'i don’t blame Jon Moss. but is he the best man for the job? absolutely not,' said Halsey.
Florin andone has scored six goals in 16 games for cordoba. the 22-year-old has earned himself a call up to the Romania national side. andone is valued at around £6million.
Mauricio pochettino is convinced there is more to come from Harry Kane. the 21-year-old scored his 30th goal of the season against Newcastle. pochettino said: 'he has big potential. he is young and this is his first full season in the first team'
dele alli has impressed for mk dons this season. 19-year-old joined Tottenham in £5million deal in January. alli has scored 14 goals for the dons this season.
carles N'zogbia posed in a flowery shirt and trouser combo for training. he has featured regularly under aston villa boss Tim sherwood. sherwood became famous for wearing a gilet as manager of spurs.
real madrid's international stars were reunited after international break. Cristiano Ronaldo returned to the club's training ground on wednesday. he was pictured greeting fellow galactico gareth bale at the training ground.
Charlie Pye applied for the role after Paul Lambert was sacked in february. sherwood wrote a letter congratulating him on his credentials. 'i will certainly be aiming to make you and all the other supporters happy,' he wrote.
arsenal face reading in the FA cup semi-final at wembley on saturday. permertesacker believes the gunners have become a stronger unit. the german says they must not become complacent ahead of the game.
sportsmail brings you the latest squad news, odds and stats on every fixture as it breaks. click on your team in the fixture list below to find out who is ruled out and who is making a return. click on your team in the fixture list below to find out who is ruled out and who is making a return.
Martin odegaard has been dropped by real madrid's second-team side. the 16-year-old is said to be on a different wavelength to his team-mates. real spent £2.3million on the attacking midfielder from Stromsgodset.
Jurgen Klopp will leave his role as boss of borussia Dortmund at the end of the season. the 47-year-old has been at the club for seven years and has won two league titles and a champions league final. arsenal vice-captain per mertesacker says he would be a top manager in the premier league if he chose to continue his career in england. the german says he will need time to decide on his future.
Oscar has not played a full 90 minutes for the blues since february. there have been suggestions he could be offloaded by manager jose mourinho. but the 23-year-old insists he is happy at stamford bridge and won't leave.
Marvin hagler believes mayweather lacks class and does not act like a champion. mayweather is the richest sportsman in the world, nicknamed'money' he has posted pictures of himself in front of a fleet of super cars and a private jet. hagler was speaking on the 30th anniversary of his fight with thomas hearns.
David seaman says save against Sheffield united was best of his career. former arsenal keeper says it topped his penalty heroics for england. seaman went on to win the FA cup with the gunners the same season.
the former undisputed super-middleweight champion frolicked with his girlfriend Lucy on the beach this week. but their fun was interrupted by a downpour of rain. the couple retreated to a single sun lounger where they sipped beer.
Danny ings is a top target for louis van gaal's manchester united. the 22-year-old is also being pursued by fierce rivals liverpool. van gaal was impressed with ings' performance against united.
'i will fight for the fillipino' translates as 'i will fight for the fillipino' the 80s style music video features a montage of Pacquiao's fights and humanitarian efforts. the 36-year-old boxer released the song on his facebook page on Monday.
Michael van Gerwen and Raymond van Barneveld face off in the ninth leg of the premier league darts final on thursday. van Gerwen beat van Barneveld 7-2 last week to remain undefeated and leave the veteran four-time world championship winner on the brink of elimination. the pair posed with compatriots daley blind and Robin van persie at old trafford on Wednesday.
Phil Taylor squandered a 4-2 lead to lose 7-4 against Dave Chisnall. the 54-year-old finishes the opening set of round robin fixtures in fifth. Gary Anderson drew with Raymond van barneveld on 'Judgement night'.
the front pages of australian newspapers carried tributes to richie benaud. the former australia captain and iconic cricket commentator has died aged 84.
arsenal beat reading 2-1 in extra-time to reach the final of the fa cup. the game went to penalties after reading goalkeeper Adam Federici made a mistake. the ball rolled through his legs and over the line in the 106th minute of extra-time. it was a routine shot from alexis sanchez but he failed to collect it properly.
england's top order collapsed in the first test against the west indies. captain alastair cook has been working hard on his batting with his old mentor and his former batting coach, Graham gooch. england's middle order pulled them out of trouble with their 22nd century.
Nabil dirar believes Radamel falcao must be regretting his failed loan move to manchester united. the former atletico madrid striker has struggled to hit the heights he achieved before suffering a serious knee injury. united will have to pay £46million to make falcao's transfer permanent.
Newcastle fans are planning to boycott today's game at home to spurs. they want to protest against what they see as a lack of ambition. former manager carver has asked for advice from former managers.
Brendan rodgers will remind Raheem sterling of his responsibilities. sterling has been pictured on social media puffing on a shisha pipe. the 20-year-old has been videoed passing out after allegedly inhaling nitrous oxide, also known as 'hippy crack'. rodgers said that lack of a second goal for sterling would have left his player disappointed.
manchester city beat west ham 2-0 at the Etihad stadium on sunday. an own goal by james collins and sergio aguero's strike were enough. here, sportsmail's Chris wheeler rates the players' performances.
'balance sheet champions' unfurl banner calling for owner to quit. sunderland fans hire plane to fly over stadium with banner '5 in a row - 5underland'
west ham united face manchester city at the Etihad stadium on sunday. city had won their last five games against west ham by an aggregate score of 14-1 before falling to just their second league defeat of the season at upton park in October. defender Winston Reid says west ham no longer suffer from fear factor.
real madrid boss has been linked with a return to the premier league. but ancelotti insists he expects to remain in charge for at least another year. the 55-year-old believes goalkeeper Iker casillas will also stay.
Rafa benitez was appointed interim manager at stamford bridge in 2012. the spaniard did little to bring the fans on-side in the first few weeks. he was brought in on a mission to keep the club on course until the end of the season.
the agent of manchester city midfielder yaya toure has criticised manuel pellegrini. toure's agent, dimitri seluk, has called the manager a 'weak manager' seluk also criticised the club's chief executive and director of football. toure has been linked with a move away from the etihad stadium.
Chelsea beat manchester united 1-0 at stamford bridge on saturday. the blues held the ball for just 29 per cent of the match at stamford bridge. manager Jose mourinho said he was unfazed by the low possession stat. he said: 'when you decide to play the game strategically, you don't care about stats, you just care about the points'
asmir Begovic has been linked with a move to real madrid. but mark Hughes has dismissed the latest reports as 'untrue'. the 27-year-old is out of contract at the Brittania stadium in 2016.
lionel messi opened the scoring for barcelona with a header in the 18th minute. suarez doubled barcelona's lead in the 67th minute with a stunning left-footed strike. suarez doubled barcelona's lead in the 79th minute with a stunning left-footed strike. former chelsea defender david luiz was left dejected after being embarrassed by suarez for the second time
Luis enrique only took charge of the club last summer, signing a two-year-deal. the 44-year-old is only six games away from winning the la liga title. bartomeu says the club are'very happy' with how the manager has performed.
Cristiano Ronaldo scored his 300th goal for real madrid against Rayo Vallecano. the 30-year-old only needed 288 games to reach the landmark figure. the portuguese forward was presented with a special '300' strip on friday.
Lionel messi has been linked with a move away from the nou camp. the argentine forward was linked with a move earlier this year. bartomeu has reiterated the club's stance that messi will always have a place at the nou camp.
radamel falcao joined manchester united on a one-year loan deal in September. the Colombia striker has failed to shine during his time at the old trafford club. he has scored just four goals in 25 appearances for united this season.
Leonardo Jardim's side have reached the quarter-finals of the champions league without big investment. the likes of james rodriguez and radamel falcao have left the club. 'we've shown that we don't need to make big investments to go far in this competition,' insists the coach.
a conference call about boxer's fight with mayweather was cancelled. a spokesman for the promoter blamed technical difficulties for the cancellation. a spokesman for top ranked said there were so many calls the system blew, partly due to the large number of boxing writers and broadcasters.
Jordan Henderson is set to sign a new long-term contract at anfield. the 24-year-old's advisors had been in talks with the club since the beginning of this season. his new deal is worth around £100,000-a-week and will run until 2020.
wolfsburg face napoli in the Europa league quarter-final on thursday. former blues boss rafael benitez admits he tried to sign andre schurrle. benitez also admitted he tried to sign ivan perisic and luiz Gustavo.
Luis suarez has scored 19 goals in all competitions for barcelona this season. the former liverpool striker admits he was nervous playing alongside lionel messi and neymar at the nou camp. a video captured during one of Barcelona's practice sessions shows Brazilian ace Neymar kneeing the Uruguayan forward where it hurts.
argentine striker Franco di Santo scored the winner in the 84th minute. new coach Bruno labbadia made a losing return to the bench. new coach Bruno labbadia has been tasked with saving the club's record.
arsene wenger's side beat reading 2-1 in extra-time at wembley on saturday. a fumble from reading goalkeeper Adam Federici handed them victory. the gunners will head back to wembley on may 30 aiming to defend the trophy.
divock origi joined liverpool after impressing at last summer's world cup. the 19-year-old was loaned back to Lille for this season. origi was recently voted the second most overrated player in Ligue 1.
Jose mourinho has kept 101 clean sheets in 189 premier league matches. he has nullified his rivals in 53.4% of games, edging out Rafa benitez. the former manchester city boss is second in clean sheets record. benitez has 13 more, 114 from 254 matches with liverpool and Chelsea.
the 38-year-old boxer has shared a video flaunting his extravagant lifestyle. video was shot by director james 'jp' dayap, a member of mayweather's the money team brand. it features rows of jewel-encrusted watches and carpets of cash. a few seconds of the video even show four half-naked women twerking.
atletico madrid are in talks to sign argentine forward Paulo Dybala. the 21-year-old has attracted interest from a number of leading clubs. marca report that real madrid coach Carlo ancelotti has upset Isco by telling him to be more defensive.
manchester city are currently fourth in the premier league table. manuel pellegrini's side are 12 points behind league leaders chelsea. england goalkeeper Joe hart says city have 'let themselves down'. hart and his team-mates have had 'honest conversations' since defeat.
mixed martial arts fighter Anderson Silva will meet with taekwondo officials in the hope of competing in next year's Olympics. the 40-year-old is currently suspended by the ufc after failing drug tests. he posted a photo of himself practising taekwondo on Wednesday.
AP McCoy won the second race of his last at aintree on friday. he rode cause of causes, owned by McCoy’s boss JP McManus. Elliott booked Paul carberry to ride cause of causes in the race.
Palermo striker Paulo Dybala has been linked with a move to manchester united and arsenal, according to reports in italy. the 21-year-old has also been linked with a return to argentina with Boca juniors. Maurizio zamperini, the palermo president, is hoping interest from united and arsenal will spark a bidding war that will raise Dybala's fee.
former team director Andy Flower is now technical director of elite coaching at the ECB. flower's continuing role on the ECB staff would conflict with the job description of the new appointment.
Hans-Wilhelm Muller-wohlfahrt has quit the german champions. 72-year-old claims medical department was blamed for defeat by porto. his son Kilian, Peter Ueblacker and Lutz Hansel have also resigned.
Ander Herrera has shunned comparisons with former manchester united star Paul Scholes, saying 'there will never be another' the 25-year-old has scored seven goals in 26 appearances for united since his £28.8million arrival from athletic Bilbao last summer. Herrera's favourite goal for united so far was his spectacular opener in the 2-0 FA Cup third round win over Yeovil.
the city of Eugene in the united states has been awarded the rights to host the 2021 IAAF world championships. the decision was taken by the international association of athletics federations council. the 2007 world championships held in osaka, japan was also awarded without a bidding process.
Jessica ennis-hill has not competed since the 2012 olympics in london. the 29-year-old will take on 22-year-old heptathlete Katarina-johnson. ennis-hill admits it is her 'biggest challenge ever' as a mother.
Liverpool are making a rival push for manchester united target Memphis depay. united have made enquiries for the 21-year-old as have paris st Germain. but the reds hope to convince depay that he would get more regular football with them but their qualification for the champions league could be crucial.
Tatyana chernova failed a drugs test two years before beating jessica ennis-hill. chernova's ban is due to expire in time for this year's world championships. ennis-hill believes it is unfair that she has been allowed to keep her title.
atletico madrid and rivals real madrid drew 0-0 in their champions league quarter-final first leg at the Calderon. atletico striker Mario mandzukic suffered a cut to the top of the nose from an elbow by Sergio Ramos and fellow real defender Dani carvajal punched him in the stomach. but coach Diego simeone says mandzukic should be fit for the return at the Bernabeu on Wednesday.
real madrid take on city rivals atletico madrid in the second leg of their champions league quarter-final on wednesday. real boss Carlo ancelotti is adamant his side can cope without injured trio Luka Modric, gareth bale and karim benzema. the italian could start Isco, jese and javier Hernandez in their absence.
real madrid face rivals atletico madrid in the champions league on wednesday. los blancos drew 0-0 in the first leg of their quarter-final tie last week. the two sides will meet in the second leg at the bernabeu. carlo ancelotti's side will be without striker Karim benzema.
traveller went on a trip of a lifetime to see the amazon rainforest. but he missed out on incredible nature moments due to napping. cousin Roxy de la Rosa posted the pictures on the social networking site.
Jessica had her husband tattoo a childhood portrait of her grandmother. as she walked in, she revealed she had a portrait of a younger Patty. the elderly lady's heartwarming reaction was captured on camera.
Adam Johnson was charged with three counts of sexual activity with an underage girl and one of grooming. the 26-year-old was accompanied by his lawyer as he arrived at Peterlee police station on thursday. he scored seven goals in as many matches for sunderland last season.
Aston villa may be able to sign cordoba striker Florin andone for £2.5million. the struggling spanish side are poised to be relegated and need to raise funds. the 22-year-old has scored six goals in 17 games for the struggling side.
Shaheen pirouz from denton, texas, filmed her tiny pet canine being propped up and repeatedly falling forwards.
Labour's football-mad leader scored the winning goal in the friendly match. today's match was organised to help motor neurone disease campaigner Gordon Aikman in his fight against the terminal condition.
Ronald Koeman spoke to his players ahead of the visit of Tottenham hotspur. Victor wanyama's future came under question after an interview where he seemed to hint at a move to arsenal. the 23-year-old said the story was 'bull****'.
inverness beat celtic 3-2 after extra-time in the scottish cup semi-final. defender Josh meekings was not sent off and no penalty was given. meekings was cited by the SFA for deliberately handling the ball.
manchester city have hiked prices of some season tickets by £345. some disabled fans are subject to a 283 per cent rise in prices. the increase is in the same section of the stadium as the able-bodied tickets. supporters say they are being forced to move to other parts of the stadium.
blackpool fans have rallied round a fan sued by the owners of the club. supporters have raised close to £15,000 in under three days. a fundraising page has attracted interest across the country.
juve move 15 points clear of lazio with 2-0 win over lazio on saturday. la gazzetta sportiva praised 'laying the eggs' for fourth straight win. in france, l'equipe lead with paris saint-germain beating nice 3-1. in spain, a goal in 50 seconds from suarez and a 93rd minute strike from messi gave barcelona a 2-0 victory over Valencia at the nou camp
Daniel staurridge met up with comedian Darren farley as part of a promotional video to showcase the tv coverage of the match by BT sport. farley specialises in mimicking a number of anfield stars both past and present. the pair discussed the fascinating clash with villa at wembley on sunday.
Cristiano Ronaldo and Lionel messi will go head-to-head in the race to be this season's top scorer in the champions league. both real madrid and barcelona reached the last four this week. shakhtar donetsk striker Luiz Adriano has netted on nine occasions this term. the 27-year-old is out of contract in the summer and could move to the premier league.
chelsea beat manchester united 1-0 at stamford bridge on saturday. marouane fellaini has been in excellent form under louis van gaal. but chelsea's Kurt Zouma was deployed in a defensive midfield role. the 20-year-old was there to deal with the threat of the big Belgian.
Zinedine zidane has revealed his admiration for Eden Hazard. the real madrid reserve boss said he likes the belgian more than lionel messi and lionel messi. the blues only tied the Belgian down to a new five-year deal in february.
six former united players are in the champions league semi-finals. united missed out on the competition for the first time in 19 years last season. Cristiano Ronaldo, javier Hernandez, paul pogba and Gerard Pique are all in the last four in their former clubs' absence.
Chelsea are 10 points clear at the top of the premier league table. they travel to the Emirates on sunday to face second-placed arsenal. midfielder Oscar hopes winning the title can kick-start a dominance. the 23-year-old said: 'if we manage to lift this trophy there are some challenges ahead'
on friday it will be 100 years since 50,000 gathered at old trafford. it was the last football match to be played in england for four, long years. many soldiers already wounded from war or in uniform earned the match its Khaki Cup Final tag.
the al Rayyan stadium is inspired by sand dunes and its design has been produced by UK-based firms. fans in the stands will sit in a comfortable 24-28 degrees Celsius, while paths and walkways leading to the stadium will also be cooled. the new stadium, set to be completed in the early months of 2019, now has a more traditional look than the previously-mooted design.
defender Josh meekings will be allowed to play in the Scottish cup final. inverness beat celtic 3-2 after extra-time in the semi-final. meekings was banned for two games after a handball in the second half.
jockey Blake Shinn rode his pants off in the opening race of a meeting in Sydney. the elastic in his pants gave way, exposing his backside to punters. 'i was more worried about winning the race. they [the pants] went just after the start and there was nothing I could do,' Shinn said.
liverpool's vice-captain has signed a new long-term contract. the 24-year-old could take over captaincy when Steven Gerrard leaves. he was almost sold to rivals sunderland in a failed bid to sign Clint dempsey.
the actress and her fiance have responded to the impending lawsuit with a tongue-in-cheek video claiming they were going to file a lawsuit against the accuser. the 31-year-old was being sued for $5,000 by a woman claiming to be her former childhood friend.
Terri Hernandez has revealed the unlikely bond she developed with her son's murder trial. 'i smiled at her after the verdict and just nodded my head,' she said. the interview comes just days after her son was sentenced to life in prison without the possibility of parole.
'vampire girl' scares late-night wanderers in a park in southern ukraine. film-makers hide in the bushes while she preys on unsuspecting locals. she sings a hauntingly horrifying melody or feasts on a fake carcass.
county supervisors approved the settlement with 30-year-old Francis pusok in a closed meeting. pusok's arrest was recorded by a TV news helicopter and has led to an FBI civil rights investigation and 10 deputies being placed on leave. a message seeking comment was left for pusok's lawyer.
Jonathan pitre was born with epidermolysis bullosa - or 'butterfly skin' he is covered with deep blistering wounds that will never heal. unless a cure is found, he will likely only live to 25.
footage captured at spring garden station in Philadelphia on Tuesday shows the group of youngsters viciously attacking the victims just seconds before the train pulls into the station. they then pull them to the ground, punch them and repeatedly stamp on their heads. as a train pulls into the station, both the victims and some of the suspects appear to get on the same carriage.
five bedroom, nine bathroom mansion in ritzy suburb of Barrington is listed at $13 million, having failed to find buyer at $15.9 million. it took five years to build the enormous mansion, which sits by two lakes in eight acres of manicured gardens. the show centers on hip hop mogul Lucious Lyon, played by Terence Howard.
YouTube user Lionel hutz filmed his young son chasing the family feline. footage shows the cat licking his fur before his human friend comes along. after a brief moment of stillness, the cat immediately gets up.
authorities were called to an industrial site in wetherill park, west of Sydney, shortly after 11am on Thursday. police found the three men inside a shipping container. they had been unloading or loading timber when it fell on them. two men died at the scene as a result and the surviving man was taken to nearby fairfield hospital in a serious condition.
witnesses to the abduction said four people wrapped the pup in a blanket and left in a car around 3:20 a.m. from dockweiler state beach, just west of the city's international airport. the initial police report said the animal was a small seal. but a companion pup that escaped and was later found on the beach is a sea lion, according to marine animal rescue. the rescued pup weighs about 25 pounds and is probably 10 months old.
pep guardiola split his pants during Bayern's 6-1 win over porto. spanish manager joked: 'i'll have to buy new ones for the next match'
a little girl named anya brodie asked Michelle Obama her age and when Obama told her she was 51-years-old the little girl just couldn't believe it. 'I'm 51,' replied Michelle Obama. anya brodie yelled in amazement, 'you look too young!' a flattered Obama asked her to repeat her effortless compliment back into the microphone.
Mauricio pochettino would prefer Harry Kane to rest at the end of his breakthrough season. but the forward has informed the england boss he wants to play in the european u21 championships. 'if you're a young english boy coming through the system you should want to play for England,' says FA chairman Greg Dyke.
Brendan rodgers insists he is the right man to lead liverpool next season. the reds lost 2-1 to aston villa in the FA cup semi-final at wembley. they face west bromwich albion at the hawthorns on saturday.
Ronald Koeman has praised the work of predecessor Mauricio pochettino. the former argentine defender left the south coast last summer. pochettino signed a five-year deal at white hart lane.
Spartak Moscow supporters allegedly displayed a racist banner. the club were fined £2,500 and their fans banned from two away games. admission to the club's fan sector was restricted to women and children.
truck driver had a nasty prang with the huge armoured vehicle during rush hour in Changchun city, china, on Thursday April 16. pictures and videos of the scene were posted to weibo, china's equivalent of twitter, and quickly went viral. no comments have been given by the authorities regarding the cause of the incident.
'first of its kind' equipment will be able to detect activity at a distance. sensors are so precise there would be 'no false alarms' decision comes after army considered more than 700 proposals. it is thought the system will cost around £2.3million ($3.5m) per mile.
Marouane fellaini paid tribute to the departing Steven Gerrard in an interview. the manchester united midfielder picked the Liverpool captain as the best passer he has faced during his professional career. the 27-year-old also praised everton skipper Phil jagielka for being the toughest tackler he has come up against.
Kyle Walker picked up an injury against burnley earlier this month. scans showed the defender had not broken his foot. but the defender faces another four weeks on the sidelines.
Jordon Ibe will sign a new five-year contract at anfield this week. the 19-year-old has impressed since returning to the club in January. a knee injury disrupted his run in the side and he is expected to return against west brom this weekend.
Jamie carragher has backed Brendan rodgers to stay at anfield next season. the former reds defender collected a beacon award for his community work. he said: 'i don't think your whole future should be determined by one game'
Jack Grealish was pictured inhaling from a balloon believed to be filled with nitrous oxide. the 19-year-old inspired villa to their FA cup semi-final win over Liverpool. it is the third top flight starlet to be caught on camera apparently using the legal high.
girl was walking home from music school with her mother when she was attacked. circus entertainers had brought their show to the village of Namtsy. photographs show the lion being walked around by a worker for the show. circus is believed to have abruptly left the village after the attack.
Ciro immobile has struggled in the Bundesliga since joining from torino. the italy international is wanted by liverpool to boost their attack. the reds have made contact with borussia Dortmund's sporting director.
Andrea dossena was arrested on suspicion of shoplifting in knightsbridge. the 33-year-old and a 31-year-old woman were released after being interviewed. dossena scored the winner against real madrid in the champions league.
1860 munich midfielder Julian weigl is attracting interest from several clubs. the 19-year-old has a buy-out clause of £2.5million. weigl was captain of the club until he was suspended.
Edinson cavani scored twice as paris saint-germain won the french league cup. the 28-year-old striker is a target for manchester united this summer. but the french champions have denied they are prepared to sell him. owner Nasser al-khelaifi has ruled out selling the striker.
Nike have been forced to defend their new kits for the us women's team. the new designs do not represent the american flag. the kit features an all white strip with hints of black and yellow.
the 73-year-old has spent his retirement devoting himself to a number of causes. at last count, he was associated with a good dozen charities or foundations. Ferguson was in Glasgow on Thursday to make a £5,000 donation to the remember Mary barbour fund.
Victor wanyama's future came under question after an interview where he seemed to hint at move to arsenal. the midfielder has been linked with a move away from the st mary's. this weekend is arguably saints' biggest match of the season.
Teresa bullock captured the two-minute clip at her house in Ohio. shows monkey sitting up on a sink having its eyebrows plucked with tweezers. owner then proceeds to apply moisturising cream, eye-liner, mascara and finally, and perhaps most shockingly, red lipstick.
father-of-two Paul Doyle, 56, lived life 'on tick' and incapacity handouts. put down £200,000 deposit and obtained £600,000 mortgage on home. but his family were probed after scandalising leafy Altrincham neighbourhood. teenage son rode quad bikes around streets and later received asbo for terrorising other local children who complained of being robbed and beaten up. police kept watch on family's home where Doyle chopped down hedge. he admitted
inverness defender Josh meekings could have missed a Scottish cup final because a referee and his assistants failed to see a handball in last Sunday's semi-final victory over Celtic. the rules over use of video evidence to retrospectively ban players changed after a challenge by hibernian striker Gary deegan on defender Gary Irvine.
Chris Ramsey is convinced he is the right man to bring long-term success to loftus road. the 52-year-old has overseen just one victory since he was appointed permanent manager in February. west ham's Sam allardyce and Bournemouth's Eddie howe have both been linked with the manager's job in the summer.
virgil van dijk was sent off for a handball by Josh meekings in the second half of Celtic's 3-2 defeat to inverness caledonian thistle in the Scottish cup semi-final. the claims of referee Steven Mclean and his five assistants that they failed to see the handball struck many at parkhead as dubious. van dijk said: 'it was a miracle that we didn't get the right decision'
last week, carver and gutierrez had a training-ground bust-up. the pair were involved in a disagreement and gutierrez was dropped. but carver says the pair have shaken hands 'like two grown men'.
Chris Ramsey has pledged his long-term future to queens park rangers. the 52-year-old was handed the manager's job until the end of the season. he stepped up from youth development role when Harry redknapp resigned.
Ferrari's Kimi Raikkonen posted the fastest time during the first practice session for the Bahrain grand prix. mercedes duo Lewis Hamilton and Nico Rosberg finished 16th and 22nd respectively. the temperatures at the Bahrain international circuit were a searing 52 and 36 degrees centigrade respectively.
Manny Pacquiao takes on undefeated american in $300m mega-fight on may 2. 'i have to fight like it is the last fight of my life,' says the Filipino. '(i have to) fight every round like each one is the last round of my life'.
trucker caught on camera launching foul-mouthed tirade at another motorist. car towing a caravan moves into his lane and the two vehicles collide. jackknife comes to rest across the front of the van, blocking the slip road. footage was posted on facebook and viewed 2million times in 48 hours.
Gloucester beat Exeter 30-19 in their last-four tie at Kingsholm. the cherry and whites now face Edinburgh in the challenge cup final. winger Jonny may was dropped by Stuart Lancaster's england squad.
Justin rose finished joint runner-up with Phil Mickelson at the masters. the englishman pushed winner Jordan speith all the way at augusta. rose posted a photo on twitter showing his state-of-the-art £30,000 simulator.
trainer Roger varian insists he has not lost faith in Belardo after the 2014 Dewhurst Stakes winner beat only one home in Saturday’s greenham Stakes. Varian’s determination to keep the son of lope de Vega away from the fast ground he encountered at newbury means the colt looks more likely to head to the french 2,000 Guineas. a trip to france for Belardo could mean a re-match with greenham Stakes winner Muha
AP McCoy will not ride in the Coral Scottish National at Ayr. his mount Benvolio was withdrawn due to unsuitable drying conditions. he will be a spectator in the big race after the horse was scratched.
Lewis Hamilton suffered a lock-up in the second sector of the Bahrain international circuit. a mistake from the mercedes team-mate allowed him to gain the upper hand. the duo finished 15th and 16th in FP1, 1.466secs and 1.705secs adrift respectively of Kimi Raikkonen in his Ferrari.
Aaron cruden has ruptured the anterior cruciate ligament in his left knee and will be out for six months. the 26-year-old will see a surgeon on wednesday to arrange a knee reconstruction in the coming weeks. the waikato chiefs fly-half has started 15 Tests for the world champions in the last two years.
Frankie dettori made it six winners in four days with a treble at newbury. the 44-year-old italian has been bouncing higher than tiger this week. dettori's boss sheik Joaan al thani has signed up Gregory Benoist to ride the french-based horses in his expanding string.
Saracens director of rugby mark McCall lauded his young guns after their latest european heartache. his side, which contained five english-qualified forwards in the starting pack, battled in vain before losing 13-9 to the Clermont on saturday. but McCall said he has no intention of overspending in a competitive post-world cup transfer market.
off-spinner mohammad hafeez was banned from bowling after being reported for a suspect action five months ago. the 34-year-old then failed an initial test on its legality. he injured his calf and missed out on the world cup in australia and new zealand.
alastair cook needs something different to draw on in his attack. the whole of english bowling psyche is about containment. england have a good spinner in moeen ali and a more than capable back-up in Joe root.
Steven Finn was overlooked for the west indies tour. the 26-year-old has spent time since the world cup working on his run-up. he says he's regained his best form and is ready to push for an England place.
Ben Stokes injured himself on the first day of the second test in grenada. he then struck immediately when he came on to bowl at the national stadium. the Durham all-rounder was embroiled in a heated dispute with marlon Samuels that led to him being admonished by umpire Steve Davis.
the 2012 tour de france winner will ride for his eponymous team. he left team sky after paris-roubaix on April 12. the tour de Yorkshire begins in Bridlington and finishes in Leeds.
west indies were bowled out for 36 in their first innings of the second test. captain alastair cook chose to bowl first in a rain-shortened session. james anderson clattered Kraigg brathwaite with an in-swinger.
Graeme dott survived a series of twitches close to the winning line. the 37-year-old clinched a 10-8 first-round victory over Ricky Walden. dott is aggrieved by having to play three best-of-19-frame matches.
Kyrie Irving scored 30 points in his playoff debut for the cleveland cavaliers. lebron james added 20 as the cavaliers beat the Boston Celtics 113-100. los angeles clippers beat san antonio spurs 102-97 in their series opener.
Graziano pelle scored his first premier league goal since december. the italian striker doubled the lead in the 81st minute at stamford bridge. pelle was shown a yellow card in the first half for a clash with defender alex oxlade-chamberlain.
west bromwich albion beat crystal palace 2-0 in their premier league clash at selhurst park on saturday. before half-time, james Morrison headed the away side in front following a corner from team-mate Chris Brunt. west brom midfielder Craig Gardner added a second with a fine long range effort.
Tonny Vilhena wants to leave Feyenoord this summer. the 20-year-old has one year left on his contract at the dutch club. the saints are monitoring his team-mate, the £10m-rated Jordy Clasie.
leighton baines is friends with rocker miles kane and Arctic monkeys' front-man. the everton defender regularly attends gigs and also plays the guitar. baines reveals that he doesn't know any of one direction's hit songs.
sunderland are considering a summer move for werder Bremen striker Franco di Santo. the argentine has scored 13 goals in 22 games for his club this season. di Santo previously played for Chelsea but struggled at stamford bridge.
Charlie Adam scored a late winner as Stoke came from behind to earn all three points at the Britannia stadium. mark Hughes believes tom jones' hit Delilah is affecting his side's chances of qualifying for the Europa league. the scotland international's goal was the only goal of the game for jose mourinho's side.
Jack Grealish starred for aston villa against liverpool on sunday. the 19-year-old is wanted by the republic of ireland and the english. but sherwood says he must concentrate on his club career first.
former manager says ally McCoist was given little chance of success. he was put on gardening leave just before christmas after handing in his notice. but he has put the club in the driving seat for second place in the championship.
Brendan rodgers was convicted of neglecting a property in Accrington. he was fined £400 and ordered to pay £375 costs at blackburn magistrates' court. but he had his conviction overturned because he did not receive a summons. rodgers and co-owner Judith O'Hagan were ordered to fix the windows, doors and roof, and to remove the rubbish.
andres iniesta set up Neymar for the opening goal against psg. the world cup winner is yet to score or create a goal for barcelona. iniesta admits he is unhappy with his form at the club this season.
west bromwich albion beat crystal palace 2-0 at the hawthorns on saturday. manager Tony Pulis insists he will never change his touchline attire. the 57-year-old will turn up to the stadium in suit and tie on sunday.
Per Mertesacker limped off in the second half of arsenal's FA cup semi-final win against reading on saturday. there were fears of a serious injury but scans have shown it is a minor sprain. the gunners captain is likely to be replaced at centre-half by Gabriel Paulista.
Birmingham beat beat semi-finalists reading 1-0 at the madejski stadium on tuesday. Clayton Donaldson scored his 16th goal of the season with a headed winner. reading were beaten 2-1 by arsenal in the last four of the fa cup on saturday.
Gary Gardner has enjoyed a successful loan spell at Nottingham forest. the 22-year-old scored a stunning free-kick in front of the villa manager. sherwood is keen to see Gardner train day-to-day before making a decision.
aston villa beat liverpool 2-1 in the FA cup semi-final at wembley. keeper shay given will keep his place in the side for the final at wembley. given is putting pressure on goalkeeper Brad Guzan in the premier league.
blackpool fans pelted the directors' box with eggs and a flare. a smoke bomb, fireworks and fireworks were thrown into the reception area. the seasiders' relegation to the third tier was sealed on monday night.
the 38-year-old ended his illustrious playing career in 2011. he has suggested he could play again for Fort Lauderdale strikers. 'if [fort Lauderdale] reach the playoffs, I might give it a go again but I'd have to train very hard,' he said.
the signed shirt was meant to be put aside for a club sponsor. but blackpool, who have no kitman, had no others to give the keeper. the club's relegation from the championship was confirmed last week.
benik afobe scored his 31st goal of the season as wolves drew 1-1 with play-off rivals Ipswich at Molineux. the striker pounced after 50 minutes to cancel out a 21st-minute own goal from Richardstearman. it was a vital strike from afobe as the black country side were heading for a third successive defeat.
blackpool drew 1-1 with reading at bloomfield road on tuesday night. the relegation from the premier league was marked by pre-match protests. some of those fans did not even enter the ground and missed a contest. defender grant hall scored an own goal 20 seconds after the restart.
40 sackings were recorded by the league managers’ association before the end of march, which was an all-time high. malky mackay, fired by wigan this month, was the 17th to go in the second tier. there have been 10 sackings in both league one and league two.
Andres iniesta was substituted eight minutes into the second half. the midfielder had to be replaced by xavi after tangling with javier pastore. tests on thursday confirmed he suffered heavy bruising in the sacroiliac joint.
football fans responsible for thuggish behaviour on trains on a weekly basis. chief constable Paul Crowther said impact on passengers is 'unacceptable' comes ahead of a summit organised to determine the scale of the problem.
sherwood sent the midfielder to the county ground on loan last season. the 22-year-old was player of the tournament at the Asian cup in january. he has decided to play in the barclays premier league next season.
Kevin pietersen was taken off as a precaution against Oxford MCCU. the batsman was hit on the hand whilst fielding close-in. pietersen did not return to the field after tea.
Tim sherwood replied to a letter from six-year-old fan Charlie Pye. the youngster had applied for the role after Paul Lambert was sacked. sherwood revealed his 'win bonus' during a press conference on friday.
liverpool beat newcastle 2-1 at anfield in the premier league on saturday. raheem sterling opened the scoring for the reds in the ninth minute. daniel sturridge doubled the lead for liverpool with a header. philippe sissoko was sent off in the 71st minute for a foul on sterling.
Giorgio Chiellini committed a deliberate handball against Monaco. the 30-year-old defender slipped on the turf during the first-leg. he comically clawed the ball out of the way to earn himself a yellow card.
gareth bale has endured a difficult second season at real madrid. the 25-year-old has been linked with a return to the premier league. former manager mark Hughes has urged him to stay at the bernabeu.
Jamie carragher does not feel Diego simeone plays the type of football which would attract arsenal, manchester united and manchester city. simeone's side were unable to take anything away from their neighbours real madrid at the Bernabeu. the spaniard was proud of the way atletico played during their champions league quarter-final second leg defeat.
Daniel staurridge failed to train on thursday ahead of semi-final with aston villa. the striker hasn't been involved in any outdoor work since blackburn. it would appear touch and go whether he will be fit enough to make Brendan rodgers' 18-man squad.
former manchester united and burnley full-back is training with la liga side. Eckersley has been hampered by injuries throughout his career. the 26-year-old is a free agent after leaving new york red bulls.
a goalless first half produced the odd burst of quality, but little intensity. a goalless second half provided little more as both sides struggled to create clear chances. the painstaking choreographies of both inter's Curva nord and Milan's curva sud emphasised that this was no ordinary derby.
PSV Eindhoven beat heerenveen 4-1 to win the eredivisie title. striker Luuk de Jong scored two headed goals in the first half. defender derrick luckassen grabbed his first senior goal.
Sebastian rode opened the scoring for the german champions in the 38th minute. hoffenheim's Andreas Beck added an own goal in stoppage time. bayer leverkusen crushed relegation-threatened visitors Hanover 96 4-0.
Emad sahabi's ankle appeared to have twisted 180 degrees after 19 minutes. midfielder tumbled over under pressure before his joint snapped and dislocated. al orubah went on to win the game 2-0 but the injury was overshadowed.
defender John Terry came in with a strong challenge on manchester united striker Radamel falcao in the build-up to Eden Hazard's opener. Thierry Henry, Jamie redknapp and graeme souness agree that play should have been stopped for Terry's rough tackle on falcao.
Henrikh Mkhitaryan, Pierre-emerick aubameyang and shinji kagawa on target as borussia Dortmund beat paderborn 3-0 at signal iduna park. the win moves last season's Bundesliga runners-up to eighth in the table and leaves them with a realistic chance of qualifying for europe. manager jurgen Klopp will leave the club at the end of the season.
Chelsea are the worst behaved team in the premier league when it comes to respecting referees, according to official figures. the data is compiled by football association fair play delegates who attend every top-flight match and assess team behaviour towards match officials. they show that jose mourinho's team are the most likely to protest decisions.
porto beat bayern munich 3-1 in their champions league quarter-final. ricardo quaresma scored twice inside the first 10minutes of the game. but german legend Franz Beckenbauer was furious with the team. he accused defender dante of playing as if he were wearing'ski boots'.
Nile ranger joined blackpool at the start of the season on a one-year deal. ranger has not featured for the seasiders since the end of November. the 24-year-old says the club 'took the mick' with his low-paid contract.
Chelsea extended their lead at the top of the premier league with a 1-0 victory against manchester united. Eden Hazard's sublime strike in the 38th minute proved crucial as jose mourinho's side extended their lead. here, sportsmail's Oliver Todd rates the players' performances at stamford bridge.
Newcastle host Swansea in the premier league on saturday afternoon. the magpies have lost their last six league matches in a row. daryl Janmaat has likened the match to playing in the world cup semi-final. the defender came off the bench in holland's semi-final loss to argentina.
prince Ali bin al-hussein is a FIFA presidential candidate. he has made a rotation of the world cup between continents one of the key elements of his manifesto. prince Ali said he could envisage a tournament being played in different countries - or even in different confederations. he also warned against any decision on expanding the world cup.
avocado trees switch from male to female in a matter of hours. professor John Warren said the trees display 'unique flowering behaviour' during the day the trees flower with their 'female parts' ready to be pollinated by bees.
protest photo will take place outside stamford bridge at 3pm on saturday. it is aimed at improving the rights and welfare of construction workers. there have been more than 1,400 confirmed deaths of construction workers in Qatar.
the six-man shortlist for the pfa player of the year has been unveiled. chelsea's Eden hazard and Tottenham's Harry kane are favourites. manchester city's Sergio aguero is also on the shortlist.
the 37-year-old lawyer's wardrobe has gone from strength-to-strength since she tied the knot with George Clooney in Venice, italy, last september. from elegant cream jumpsuits to panel shift dresses and suit/skirt combos, the lawyer always seems to get the balance of smart and sexy just right.
porto beat bayern munich 3-1 in their first leg of the champions league semi-final first leg on tuesday night. stefan qaresma scored the opening goal of the game from the penalty spot after just three minutes. porto striker Jackson Martinez doubled their lead in the 64th minute with a fine finish. the result means porto move into the last eight of the champions league.
Frank knight, 67, posted an apology on his facebook account last week. he said he had agreed to pay damages of £20,000 to the championship club. over 1,000 supporters pledged donations, ensuring the target was met.
the pfa have announced their six-man shortlist for young player of the year. strikers Harry kane and Eden harzard lead the nominations. goalkeepers Thibaut courtois and David de gea complete the list. midfielders Raheem sterling and Philippe Coutinho complete the list.
a fumble from reading goalkeeper Adam Federici in extra time handed the gunners a 2-1 victory and a place in the FA cup final. alexis sanchez's low shot squirmed between his legs and over the line on 115 minutes. garath mccleary's deflected volley was deflected past keeper wojciech szczesny.
sportsmail brings you the latest squad news, odds and stats on every premier league fixture as it breaks. click on your team in the fixture list below to find out who is ruled out and who is making a return. click on your team in the fixture list below to find out who is ruled out and who is making a return.
Kyle walker and hugo lloris are absent for spurs. jan vertonghen is a doubt for the match at white hart lane. aston villa boss Tim sherwood is set to be without key trio.
the 1985 world snooker final was watched by 18.5million viewers. it was a BBC2 record, but it is way behind the most-watched sporting events: 1966 world cup final 32.30m, 1970 FA cup final replay Chelsea v Leeds 28.49m, 2012 london olympics opening ceremony 27.3m, 1984 winter olympics torvill and dean 26.3m.
Mauricio pochettino expects a'very good reception' for tim sherwood. sherwood was shown the door by chairman Daniel levy last summer. pochettino's side host aston villa at white hart lane on saturday.
west indies finished on 98 for two in their first innings. alastair cook set a target of 438 in just over four sessions. it would even surpass their own world record successful Test chase.
ISIS has released a new propaganda video titled 'We will burn america' the 11 minute-long video calls on supporters to attack the u.s. on its own soil. it also features footage of the 9/11 terror attacks and recent atrocities. the video also features the beheading of u.s. journalist james foley. it also features the burning of a u.s. pilot and mass beheadings.
Tim sherwood will return to white hart lane for the first time with his new team on Saturday. the 46-year-old claims chairman Daniel levy tried to persuade him to stay on at the club. sherwood was sacked last may to bring in Mauricio pochettino.
piano teacher John goodwin, 75, went on trial this week on six counts of aggravated felonious sexual assault. authorities say atkinson, who pleaded not guilty, repeatedly sexually assaulted a student, who is now 24 years old. the former student testified he didn't come forward until 2013 because he was embarrassed.
the 'body farm' is a joint project between the university of south florida institute of anthropology and the hillsborough county sheriff's office. five to ten bodies from usf's after life body donation program would be buried or placed on two acres of land. if the research is approved by the hillsborough county commission, the information gathered at the site could help investigators solve crimes and cold cases. hillsborough county commissioner has taken a stand against the facility, fearing strong odor
tourist diovani de Jesus posted the hilarious photo on earth day. 'we were posing at Apo island when this sea turtle surfaced to breathe and photo-bombed,' he wrote on his blog.
mengyu's hands and feet are severely deformed and doctors have recommended corrective surgery. but her mother, Jiang min, has run out of cash and can't afford even food. local media have cruelly compared her webbed hands and feet to 'pigs' trotters'
daredevil Stan Cole, an Iraq and afghanistan veteran, captured the wall of wind as it gulped up dust from the fields in western texas. he took the footage with his friend Ricky Bailey while the two were out in a tractor on Wednesday evening.
Pablo Mandado and Ilze zebolde have been cycling around the world since quitting their jobs in london last year. the couple have been living on less than three euros each a day, or 10 euro cents per kilometre. the couple pitch a tent under the stars and camp (161 nights of the 256) but also use hosting websites such as couchsurfing.
Lewis Hamilton remains the richest sportsman in britain with a fortune of £88m. manchester united captain Wayne Rooney has moved up to second place. f1 driver Jenson Button is just £1m behind the englishman.
singer Melissa plancarte broke into court in the middle of the night. she was filming her music video in the state capital of michoacan. the clip shows her dancing the tango at the bottom of the courthouse staircase. furious officials say she didn't have permission to film at the courthouse.
england need eight wickets to have any chance of winning the second test. marlon Samuels and brathwaite saw west indies into credit and within sight of another draw with only the final test in barbados next week to play. england's rising star had been in imperious form as he built yet another 'daddy' hundred while wickets fell around him. joe root was left stranded on 182 not out after a careless mistake.
Daniel staurridge has played just 12 league games for liverpool this season. the striker has been hampered by calf and thigh injuries. liverpool boss Brendan rodgers wants a striker who can 'play every week'
Louis van gaal expects Ryan Giggs to succeed him as manchester united manager when he leaves the club. the former united midfielder has been van gaal's assistant since the Dutchman took over at old trafford last summer. the 41-year-old won a remarkable 25 trophies during his playing career, including 13 barclays premier league titles and two champions leagues.
the 28-year-old was suspended for a week after the video surfaced. she insulted tow clerk Gina Michelle's looks, intelligence, and social status. despite viewers' calls for harsher punishment, the network has reinstated her to her role with a spot on sportscenter this weekend.
David rush, 33, from northern ireland, used to weigh 34st at his heaviest. piled on the pounds thanks to a twice-daily takeaway habit. topped up his diet with six bags of crisps and two bottles of coke a day. 'i hated leaving the house and going out anywhere because i didn't know if the places I would be going to were tight for space,' he says.
the 21-year-old became infamous last year for video of him screaming 'i don't like mens no more - I like women, women, women!' after a pastor at an evangelical megachurch claimed to have cured his homosexuality. he claims he was attacked by an employee at a froyo in delmar on Wednesday after the cashier recognized him from his video. she said he demanded a discount and called her a 'dog'
sunderland have not suspended midfielder Adam Johnson despite child sex charges. the 27-year-old has been charged with three offences of sexual activity with a 15-year-old girl and one of grooming. he could face a prison term of up to 14 years if found guilty.
extra storage space video has been viewed almost 600,000 times. blends practical advice with the odd tear-jerking moment. tips include making room for date nights and getting on a schedule.
Manchester united are closing in on a deal to sign borussia Dortmund midfielder. louis van gaal believes the 24-year-old is the perfect replacement for current midfielder michael carrick. van gaal has been hugely impressed with carrick's contribution at old trafford this season.
Wladimir Klitschko takes on Bryant jennings at the iconic Madison square garden in new york on friday night. the 39-year-old will make his return to us soil for the first time in seven years. 'when I became champion of the world in the heavyweight division, that was 15 years ago, in 2000, and it was an amazing moment,' he says.'sport definitely has power to change one's life and the world, as Nelson Mandela said,'
manchester united have offered David de gea £200,000-a-week to stay. fears are growing that the 24-year-old will leave for real madrid. united would demand £30m if real try to sign him this summer. click here for all the latest manchester united news.
AP McCoy will have two rides on his final day as a professional jockey. the 20-time champion jockey has been booked for Mr Mole in the Grade One AP McCoy Celebration Chase at 3.15. his last ever mount will be Box Office in the Bet365 Handicap Hurdle.
Isco joined real madrid from malaga in the summer of 2013. the 23-year-old had a choice of joining the spanish giants or Manchester city. but he chose real over manager manuel pellegrini. Isco said he was not happy with his current role and playing time. click here for all the latest real madrid news.
red Mazda careered off the road up someone's drive and crashed straight into the front door of the home in crossgates, Leeds. it hit the property with such force that the car became stuck in the wall. incredibly no-one was seriously injured in the accident.
arsene wenger pulled out of a deal to sign Eden Hazard in 2012. talks got to such an advanced stage that his agent discussed the move with wenger in the frenchman's house. the frenchman ultimately ruled he could not compete financially with Chelsea, who landed the 24-year-old for £32million.
Jose mourinho was asked how hard arsene wenger pushed him last season. the pair clashed on the sidelines at stamford bridge in the title race. mourinho was visibly surprised by the question at his pre-match press conference. click here for all the latest Chelsea news.
Dan potts opened the scoring for west ham with a header in the 11th minute. an own goal from Adam drury doubled west ham's lead nine minutes later. but a goal from Olivier ntcham pulled a goal back for manchester city.
footage of six-year-old taken to encourage brave youngster to take pills. he takes nine out of 45 pills a day to treat cystic fibrosis. video has had more than one million hits in just a week.
study of 1,302 german couples found men do just two hours of housework a day while working, which increases to 3.9 hours when they retire. but they are still lagging behind their stay-at-home female partners when it comes to sharing the burden.
Bayern Munich face barcelona in the champions league semi-finals. pep guardiola will be reintroduced to the club for the first time since leaving. the former barcelona boss must think of a way to stop lionel messi.
Rugby School is the spiritual home of the game, with the world cup trophy named the Webb Ellis cup in honour of the boy who ran with the ball in 1823. today the school is steeped in the traditions of the sport, alongside its own rich history of'muscular Christianity' led by headmaster, Dr. Thomas Arnold, who is credited with transforming Rugby School's values.
pep guardiola will return to the nou camp for the first time since leaving in 2012. real madrid face juve in the other semi-final on may 5/6. the first legs will take place on may 5/6 with the returns the following week.
Emmanuel adebayor's wages have proved a massive financial burden for spurs. the north London club would still preferably receive a fee for the striker. but it may prove difficult to find a potential buyer for the togolese.
arsene wenger had been talking about how it was easier to set up a team designed primarily to defend, just as Brendan rodgers had ventured after Chelsea's victory at Liverpool, last year. 'if it was easy, you wouldn’t lose 3-1 at home to Monaco. if he defends well he draws 0-0 against Monaco and wins in Monte Carlo. it’s not easy to defend,’ said Jose Mourinho during his pre-match press conference on friday
arsenal face chelsea at the Emirates on sunday afternoon. french midfielder Francis coquelin is looking forward to the match. the 23-year-old has made 23 appearances for the gunners this season. coquelin was drafted back into the squad from a loan spell at Charlton.
defending champion mark selby fell victim to the crucible curse. rookie scot saw off the defending champion 13-9 to book a quarter-final place. this is McGill's first World Championship and he has been quietly earmarked for greatness by those who know him best.
Joe root hit 182 not out in the morning session on day four of the second test. it was the fourth of his six hundreds to pass the 150 mark. but the pitch left the tourists with a 165-run deficit at stumps.
Floyd mayweather v Manny Pacquiao will be the biggest fight of all time financially and the most significant this century. where money man v Pacman comes to rank among the most important fights in ring history will depend upon what happens on june 17. in this, the sixth in a series of 12 fights that shaped boxing history, i recall when a hard man could take no more.
the draw for the Europa league semi-finals was made on friday morning. holders sevilla will face fiorentina in the last four of the competition. fiorentina overcame Tottenham, Roma and Dynamo Kiev en route to the last four.
bath moved within one point of northampton with a five-try win at the rec. leroy Houston, Jonathan Joseph, Matt banahan and semesa rokoduguni were among the try-scorers. the exiles were ahead at half-time thanks to a try from loosehead Tom court.
tickets went on sale from the MGM property box offices on friday at 3pm. fight fans queued around the block to get their hands on one of 10,000 tickets up for grabs. one lucky english fan managed to snare a ticket for $7,924 (£5,265)
Joe root scored 182 runs on day four of the second test in Grenada. he was left stranded at the middle of the wicket due to an error by james Anderson. the 24-year-old threw down his helmet and gloves in disgust.
Joe root became the second-youngest batsman to reach 2,000 Test runs. alastair cook was 401 days quicker, but in fewer innings than Sachin. marlon Samuels gave a salute send off to ben Stokes after his dismissal.
divock origi signed for liverpool in a £10million deal from Lille this summer. the striker has been following the progress of the club's youngsters. he said the progress of winger Jordon Ibe and Raheem sterling has heightened his excitement at joining the reds.
Paula radcliffe will run the final competitive marathon of her career. the 23-year-old set the world record in 2003 when she won the London marathon in a time of 2:15:25. the former world champion joked that she has never been far from tears in her career, as she was at the 2004 athens Olympics.
Shaun Andrew McKerry, 31, burst into Shildon post office and stores. waved an axe as he demanded cash from terrified assistant Andrea brighty. but he did not see owner's rugby tackle which dropped him to the floor. shopkeeper's wife helped by hitting him twice with a baseball bat. he was jailed for six years after pleading guilty to attempted robbery.
usain bolt says he feels 'let down' by the american sprinter. gay had his suspension reduced after he agreed to co-operate with authorities. bolt says he used to respect gay as a competitor.
Jurgen Klopp has announced he will leave borussia Dortmund at the end of the season. the charismatic manager has alerted a host of clubs in english and across the continent. manchester city are on the lookout for a new manager following their lacklustre campaign.
Watford can be promoted if they win and one of Bournemouth or middlesbrough lose and one of Rotherham fail to win. derby can secure a play-off spot if they win at millwall. if millwall fail to win, Ipswich will be relegated if they win.
the draw for the champions league has pitted pep guardiola's Bayern Munich against his former club barcelona. holders real madrid face a daunting task in the semi-finals. sportsmail's reporters look at each side's reasons for optimism, and caution, ahead of the semi-finals.
west ham's on-loan barcelona midfielder has picked his #one2eleven squad. song believes cameroon goalkeeper Carlos Kameni could have played at one of the top teams in the premier league. defender david luiz makes his #one2eleven squad.
Southampton host spurs at white hart lane on saturday (3pm kick-off) a positive result would see the hosts break the points record set last term. 'the players never back away from (the fact this is a big game),' says Steven Davis.
Cesc Fabregas will make his first return to the Emirates since leaving in 2011. the 27-year-old joined barcelona as a teenager before returning to the premier league with chelsea. it has been suggested they have not spoken since he made the summer move that got so many backs up.
John carver has hit back at criticism aimed at his struggling side. former captain michael Owen has claimed they would be relegated if there were 10 games left to play instead of just five. the magpies will set a new club record of seven straight premier league defeats if they are beaten at home by Swansea.
marouane fellaini was not playing for manchester united at the weekend. doorman at the club's hotel told Jose mourinho the midfielder was not playing. mourinho said he prepared his players to deal with the threat of fellaini. ruben loftus-cheek was also playing the 6ft 4in midfielder in training.
Rotherham were deducted three points for fielding an ineligible player. on-loan derby defender farrend rawson played in their 1-0 win over Brighton. the football league say the paperwork for his loan extension wasn't handled properly. the club have until may 1 to appeal the decision.
ex-manchester united striker Andrew Cole went out for dinner on saturday. former team-mates Ryan Giggs, Paul Scholes, Gary neville, Nicky butt and cole all went out for dinner just hours after their former side's 1-0 defeat by Chelsea. Cole said he was in 'great company' with 'great team-mates'.
Patrick Bamford has been named the championship player of the year. the 21-year-old striker is on loan at middlesbrough from chelsea. he beat competition from daryl Murphy and Troy deeney.
australia face england and wales in their opening world cup pool games. head coach michael cheika is aware that his pack is being written off. england's pack demolished australia at scrum-time last year.
Wayne rooney was spotted filling up his £100,000 overfinch range rover. the 29-year-old looked glum just a couple of days after his side's loss to Chelsea in the premier league. a solitary Eden hazard strike in the first half was enough for jose mourinho's side.
Memphis depay has scored 20 goals in 26 league games so far this season. the 21-year-old has been tipped to join one of europe's big clubs. PSV technical director Marcel brands has confirmed interest from 'big clubs'.
Jack Grealish took to twitter shortly after arriving at wembley stadium. the 19-year-old thanked supporters for sending in messages of support. aston villa face liverpool in the semi-final at wembley on saturday.
Thiago Silva is recovering at home from a thigh injury. he is joined on the sidelines by zlatan Ibrahimovic, Marco verratti and Thiago motta. David luiz is still not fully fit as he recovers from a thigh problem.
boxing legend posted a video on his Instagram page showing off the sports car. the 38-year-old posted: 'i just added a new toy to my car collection. 2016 Mercedes-Maybach S600. $210,000.00' mayweather takes on boxing rival Pacquiao on may 2 in the most anticipated fight in years.
a penalty from arturo vital saved juve's blushes in the first leg in monte carlo. the italians held on to the lead from the penalty spot to progress to the semi-finals. juve have kept nine clean sheets in their last ten fixtures in the competition.
Tim Howard joined everton in the community's Medicash powered wheelchair football team for a training session last week. the toffees goalkeeper was provided with his own wheelchair. the u.s international joined in with some skills and shooting practice with the team before taking his place in goal for a short game.
Rudy gestede opened the scoring for blackburn in the 78th minute. blackburn striker Jordan Rhodes added a second in the 90th minute. gestede took his tally for the season to 20 after scoring a hat-trick against Nottingham forest.
Floyd mayweather has earned more than $400million in his boxing career. he is also not shy about sharing his extravagant purchases on social media. here, sportsmail looks at his vast collection of super cars, private jets and jewellery.
tickets for the richest bout in history have sold out within a minute. one ticket went for a cool $128,705 (£85,508) on the secondary market. between 500 and 1,000 tickets were made available to boxing fans. super-ringside tickets costing $10,000 (£6,600) were not released for public sale.
javier Hernandez scored the only goal of the two legs at the Santiago Bernabeu to put real madrid into the champions league semi-finals. atletico madrid were forced to play with 10 men after the second yellow card given to Arda Turan in the 76th minute. real madrid will now face either barcelona or real sociedad in the semi-finals.
Bastian Schweinsteiger was an unused substitute in bayern munich's 6-1 win over porto on tuesday. former german international dietmar hamann thinks he faces an uncertain future at the allianz arena. hamann believes he has lost the battle for a place in midfield to xabi alonso.
Memphis depay had a secret meeting with manchester united on Wednesday. the 21-year-old winger jetted to england with representatives including his agent Kees ploegsma for a summit with a united delegation led by manager louis van gaal. united are leading the hunt for the pacy winger but face opposition from psg and liverpool.
Eugenie Bouchard is playing in the Fed cup play-off against Romania. the 21-year-old refused to shake hands with opponent Alexandra Dulgheru. 'i will shake her hand no matter what happens,' said the canadian star.
Ashley young is known for being the resident DJ at the old trafford club. but he admitted to being under strict orders from manager louis van gaal to play only funky house and house music. the winger was joined on the sofa by singer-songwriter Olly murs. 'i would love to, but I've been told by the manager I can only play funky house or house. seriously, he's liking the playlist,' says young.
Patrick Bamford, Joe garner and Danny mayor were crowned their division's player of the year on sunday. the Football League has revealed the top ten players in each of their divisions based on votes by managers. Ipswich Town's daryl Murphy was second in the voting ahead of Troy deeney, whose been in top form for championship leaders watford.
lionel messi, luis suarez and neymar are seven goals short of a century. they will match the total scored by Thierry Henry, Samuel eto'o and messi in 2009 if they reach 100 goals in their first season together. gareth bale has 17, Cristiano Ronaldo has 50 and karim benzema 22. but can they out-do the greatest forward lines in barcelona history?.
defending champions real madrid will face juve in the other semi-final. the final will be played on June 6 at the Olympic stadium in Berlin. the four teams have combined to win the European Cup or Champions League 21 times, with 16 runner-up finishes, in the competition's 60-year history.
real madrid will not take up their £7.5m purchase option on javier Hernandez. the 26-year-old scored the winner against rivals atletico madrid on wednesday. the striker will return to manchester united at the end of the season.
Floyd mayweather v Manny Pacquiao will be the biggest fight of all time financially and the most significant this century. where money man v Pacquiao comes to rank among the most important fights in ring history will depend upon what happens that night. in this, the fifth in a series of 12 fights that shaped boxing history, i look back on one of the greatest sporting events of all time.
Floyd mayweather v Manny Pacquiao will be the biggest fight of all time financially and the most significant this century. where money man v Pacman comes to rank among the most important fights in ring history will depend upon what happens that night. in this, the fourth in a series of 12 fights that shaped boxing history, i look back on one of the greatest sporting events of all time.
Floyd mayweather vs Manny Pacquiao will be the biggest fight of all time financially and the most significant this century. where money man vs Pacman comes to rank among the most important fights in ring history will depend upon what happens that night. in this series of 12 fights that shaped boxing history, i look back on one of the most anticipated events of the 20th century which divided a nation.
Floyd mayweather vs Manny Pacquiao will be the biggest fight of all time financially and the most significant this century. here are my 12 most significant fights in boxing's history. the first black world heavyweight champion was the bane of the white supremacists in america in the early 1900s.
Floyd mayweather vs Manny Pacquiao will be the biggest fight of all time financially and the most significant this century. here is the second of my 12 most significant fights in boxing's history. the fight will take place at the MGM grand garden arena on june 25.
arsenal will play in their yellow and blue away strip for the final against aston villa. villa won the coin toss ahead of the showpiece at wembley next month. arsene wenger's side have won three cup finals in five appearances in the yellow and blue strip. the gunners also won the competition in 1950 and 1971 while wearing yellow, on both occasions seeing off Liverpool.
didier drogba and loic remy could start up front for the blues. drogba has an excellent record against arsene wenger's side. cesc Fabregas will make his first return to the Emirates on sunday.
Steve Bruce has revealed that players will have their salaries cut if they are relegated from the premier league. the tigers are fourth-bottom of the table and have one of the toughest run-ins facing them. the club have the third-lowest wage bill in the premier league.
louis van gaal has spoken to marouane fellaini about keeping his cool. the manchester united midfielder returns to goodison park on sunday. it will be his first return to his former club since his £27m move from everton. van gaal hopes the fans will receive him like the Chelsea fans received Juan mata at his old club last weekend.
Marseille will listen to offers for highly-rated midfielder Florian Thauvin. the 22-year-old winger has also been watched by Chelsea and Valencia. Mauricio pochettino has dismissed the prospect of goalkeeper hugo lloris seeking a move if spurs miss out on the top four.
queens park rangers host west ham in the premier league on saturday. qpr boss Chris Ramsey is one of seven managers trying to keep their club in the top flight with four games left. the r's host the hammers at loftus road on saturday afternoon.
inverness defender Josh meekings will play in the Scottish cup final. his cup-final ban was thrown out by a judicial panel tribunal on thursday. meekings was banned for denying Celtic an obvious goalscoring opportunity.
mayweather and pacquiao are less than two weeks away from their $300m mega-fight on may 2. here, sportsmail takes a look at the two men's achievements, in and out of the ring.
football equality campaigners kick it out have warned Hartlepool fans. they have acted on complaints from some hartlepool fans over a 'black up' theme planned for their final game of the season at Carlisle. kick it out have urged Carlisle to refuse entry to any fans 'blacking up'
Raheem sterling has been abused by his own fans over contract stand-off. the 20-year-old rejected an offer worth £90,000-per-week from the reds. but sterling insists he pays no attention to the criticism he has received. he was heckled at the club's recent kit launch. sterling is wanted by all the premier league's top clubs.
a year ago, Bristol Rovers lost their place in the football league for the first time since 1920. it's a battle for the conference title between second-placed Rovers and barnet. darrell Clarke needs that hope now, when the battle for the title is wrapped up.
Manchester city are rivalling manchester united and arsenal for dayot upamecano. the 16-year-old almost joined united in the January transfer window. centre-back umecano has played for france at u16 and u17 level.
Rafa benitez has reached his seventh european semi-final in 12 seasons. the spaniard took Serie a side to the semi-final on thursday night. benitez has been linked with a move away from the etihad stadium. click here for all the latest benitez news.
Chelsea could face Sydney at the ANZ stadium on June 2 - days after spurs’ fixture against the same side. the concept of fulfilling commercial obligations straight after a premier league campaign is appealing to clubs. the 83,000-seater arena would almost certainly sell out.
warrington beat Leeds 29-10 in their super league clash at headingley. former england captain Kevin sinfield made his 500th appearance for the Rhinos. sinfield was on the losing side on his debut for the Rhinos in 1997.
umpires ejected a total of five players from both teams after the fight at Chicago's us cellular field in Illinois. a heated exchange between royals starter Yordano ventura and white sox outfielder Adam eaton sparked the brawl. players from both dugouts and bullpens flood the field.
javier Hernandez is on loan at real madrid from manchester united. the 26-year-old scored a late winner in the champions league quarter-final. he will return to old trafford at the end of the season with one year left on his contract.
Wladimir Klitschko faces Bryant jennings in new york on saturday night. tyson fury is the mandatory challenger to the long-reigning heavyweight champion. fury hopes to lure Klitschko to a stadium fight later in the year.
a minute's silence will be held for the 56 supporters who died in the blaze. the inferno ripped through valley parade on may 11, 1985. many fans were trapped in their seats and 265 people were injured.
Wigan secured their first away win of the season with a 40-22 victory. winger Joe Burgess scored his first Super league hat-trick. winger is joining the Roosters at the end of the year.
Quade cooper has agreed a two-year deal to join french side toulon. the 27-year-old is currently recovering from a broken shoulder-blade. toulon are chasing an unprecedented hat-trick of european titles.
Hudson swapford shot a 6-under 66 for a share of the lead with boo weekley. second-round play was suspended because of the threat of severe weather. Jason day, ranked sixth in the world, was 5 under for the round through 14 holes.
Florent malouda has picked his #one2eleven stars for his fantasy football xi. former winger chose players from Chelsea, guingamp and the french national team. malouda picked goalkeeper petr cech to start in between the sticks.
Juventus reached the champions league semi-finals on tuesday night. captain Gianluigi Buffon said the journey has been'very difficult'. andriy shevchenko scored the winning penalty in the 2003 final.
a woman known only by her email address as missie smile21, has taped posters to the city's light posts to find the 'tall, charming gentleman' who offered her his umbrella to cross the street. the 'love call' notices are posted on George street at australia square in Sydney's CBD.
Sally Gordon-smith, 14, was last seen leaving her school in Keilor east. she was described by police as caucasian, 150cm tall, with blue eyes. police confirmed she was still missing early on Saturday morning.
Yaya toure has been linked with a move away from manchester city. the 32-year-old has struggled to impose himself at the Etihad. toure's time at city is defined as a success, bringing two premier league titles.
as many as 1 in 8 will suffer injuries serious enough to miss at least seven training sessions or matches. these range from bruises and sprains to fractures, torn ligaments and at worst, concussion and damage to the brain and spinal cord. the government wants rugby to be played more at school as part of plans to increase competitive sports, to curb rising levels of obesity.
a mouse called ventus x has a built-in honeycomb grill to let the skin breathe. it also has a rugged coating so sweaty gamers can continue to the accessory. some realistic combat and multiplayer games tap into the body’s flight or fight response, causing adrenaline to surge through gamers’ bodies and prepare the body for physical activity.
researchers from CNRS-GATE in Lyon and the university of california found that male 5,000 metre runners are more competitive than women. this may explain why boys are often seen as being more competitive. however, the researchers say that there can be a great deal of individual variability with some women showing greater competitive drive than most male athletes.
the metal is the same as that used to make professional sports bikes. it has been altered by apple to make it lighter, according to cult of mac. the next generation iphones are expected to be unveiled in september. they may include a A9 chip and Force touch Feature, which also features in the apple watch.
didier drogba has scored 15 goals in 15 games for Chelsea against arsenal. the striker averages one goal every 78 minutes and 20 seconds. drogba left for Shanghai shenhua in 2012 with 13 goals in 14 games.
debris fell from the sky over the town of west Pittston on monday. residents believe it came from a plane's lavatory holding tank. they have complained to the federal aviation administration.
Miranda devine tweeted: 'did pocock actually do jazz hands when he celebrated a try?!!! What a tosser!' but the flanker and former australia captain was actually doing sign language for a friend. devine quickly changed her tune and apologised for being so harsh.
French free diver jumped into Dean's Blue Hole in the Bahamas. Guillame Néry is seen at the edge before taking the plunge. the hole is 660ft (200 metres) deep, although he doesn't go to the bottom. free divers are able to hold their breath for more than 20 minutes. the video was filmed in 2010 by the frenchman's girlfriend and fellow freediver Julie Gautier.
the short film has been developed on an oculus rift virtual reality headset. it shows how passengers would survive a plane crash landing on water. based on an actual event when a plane was forced to land on water.
Seattle-based filmmaker spent three months filming beauty spots in thailand. six-minute high definition video shows breathtaking scenery. video has been a hit with viewers on youtube.
'it will be pretty wild,' the facebook co-founder replied to a follower online. the social media site also announced plans to support virtual reality on its newsfeed. users will be able to put on a headset and explore a location of their choosing.
analogue promotional watch from apple is on sale for $2,499.99 (£1,707.47) it has a blue bezel, rubber strap and colourful hands. it was released to promote apple’s mac operating system. watch is still in its original box and the seller claims to have two to offload.
Zach Birnie stands at the top of a mountain and films the surrounding scenery with a camera mounted to his helmet. after exhaling air, he begins to make his descent of the off-piste section of slope in a rather cautious manner. he makes a controlled turn and begins heading back across the mountain. Suddenly he begins panic and while not entirely visible to the camera, a minor avalanche occurs behind him. panicking, the man attempts to come to a stop
Sweden's passport is among the most frequently sold travel documents. it can sell for as much as £6,000 each - far more than the £28 fee. the british passport is also one of the most powerful in the world.
official in Scotland, Wales and northern ireland were unhappy to find out about the FA ditching a tournament that started in 1925. this is seen as another example of FA ‘arrogance’ following the english telling FIFA that they want to send great Britain football teams to the Rio Olympics without informing the other countries. the remaining Victory Shield competitors are planning to invite another country from Europe to replace England.
match.com is seeking an outgoing, media-savvy person with a passion for travelling. the winner will be given a round-the-world ticket with stops in five cities. in each city they will sample the local dating scene and unearth pearls of wisdom that could help turn britons into better daters.
leaked footage shows the rocket drifting onto its target before a gust of wind topples it over. the unverified video was shot on a gopro camera. earlier this week, spacex released its own dramatic footage of its third attempt to land a rocket booster on a barge. the maneuver was attempted following the launch of the Falcon 9 rocket a few minutes earlier from cape canaveral in florida.
Adam Johnson was charged with three offences of sexual activity with a child under 16 and one of grooming on thursday. the 27-year-old has been used as a substitute in the last three games. sunderland boss Dick Advocaat has confirmed the midfielder remains available for selection with the club reviewing the situation.
real madrid beat atletico madrid 3-2 at the Santiago Bernabeu on tuesday. sergio ramos started in midfield but he rarely lets anyone down. the makeshift midfielder is reminiscent of carles puyol in the champions league final.
Iker casillas has been linked with a move to manchester united. but the 33-year-old insists he will stay and fight for the no 1 jersey at real. he broke into the side as a 16-year-old and became the youngest champions league keeper in 2000.
spelling or grammar mistakes are the biggest resume blunder employers find annoying. incorrect personal information and missing contact details are also high ranking errors. brevity is valued, with 46% of senior executives finding long waffling CVs irritating.
51-year-old fiona fought off an intruder after finding him standing over her young daughter on Thursday night. she said she knew the assailant had 'picked the wrong lady' as she became overwhelmed with maternal instincts and rushed him. she said seeing her child in danger gave her a boost of courage.
Eden Hazard was being filmed as part of a feature for qpr's '5' magazine. he fools his marker with step-overs, a swift turn and by tucking the ball behind his standing leg to beat a man four times in succession. after his fourth successful take-on he smashes the ball over the bar.
Audrey nethery, from Kentucky, has a rare bone marrow condition called diamond blackfan anemia (dba), which impacts her body's ability to circulate oxygen. the six-year-old's parents are posting videos of her dancing at her Zumba class to raise money for the diamond blackfan anemia foundation.
the last two weeks have showcased all that is best about Lewis Hamilton. he has gained the congratulations of the man he hopes to emulate as a triple world champion, sir Jackie Stewart. here are just a few reasons why Hamilton should listen to sir Jackie.
real housewives of orange county star says 'nothing sparked it' slammed reports she cheated on the slugger as 'entirely false' filing comes two months after he admitted to an alcohol and drugs relapse.
the Husky has an injury to his right rear leg, possibly the result of being hit by a car. he is also extremely underweight and is suffering from a long-standing case of mange, which has sparked secondary skin infections. the Husky has been named Hero by his carers and is now being treated by RSPCA vets.
the 16-year-old, son of seven-time f1 world champion michael, made his official pre-season test debut in formula 4 on wednesday. the youngster began karting seven years ago, and this year reached the german Formula 4 - a racing category used as a stepping stone by junior drivers. however, his pre-season practice didn't go to plan as he was involved in a 100mph crash last month.
more than 1000 homes lost power between Houston and dallas on saturday. dozens were evacuated from a circus big top in angleton on friday. cars floated in Harris county in half a foot of rain water on sunday. storm warnings remain for west side of city, west side of Texas and Oklahoma.
toto wolff believes Nico Rosberg was back to his best in the Bahrain gp. the german is 27 points adrift of team-mate mercedes team-mate nico rosberg in the battle for this season's title. despite finishing third, he proved he still has what it takes.
a 66-year-old man reportedly set an Australian flag on fire at a Brisbane landmark. he was arrested and charged with a 'breach of the peace' and public nuisance. the man will face court on the morning of the 100th anzac day commemoration service.
the two boxers have revealed a dozen oddities about themselves. mayweather eats steamed white rice and chicken or beef broth at almost every meal. Pacquiao averages over 2,500 sit-ups daily during training camp.
the fox cub had been stuck in a garden fence for around 40 minutes. it was in desperate need of being set free by wildlife expert, Simon cowell. he distracts the fox with a stick before grabbing it with his hand and pulling it free.
schoolboy Frankie Franz watched the spanish right-back pull off the trick shot in a video recorded at Barcelona’s Ciutat Esportiva training ground. the viral clip shows the 23-year-old defender lifting the ball into the net to the sound of gasps from his team-mates at the catalonia club. the nine-year-old moved the basketball hoop into the middle of the goal and after a little run up sent the ball straight through the net first time.
Shannon Hayes, 12, believes her pet hen has laid the world's smallest chicken egg. the tiny egg, which measures 1.8cm, is smaller than a five pence piece. it was laid in Capel Iwan, carmarthenshire, and is 3mm smaller than the current record.
Lewis Hamilton enjoyed a jet surf session after winning the Bahrain grand prix. former team-mate Jenson Button is training for the London marathon. the 35-year-old thanked asics for the 'goodies' they sent him.
US-born jeb corliss jumped over the 562m high ball's pyramid near Lord howe island, in the Tasman sea between australia and new zealand. the 39-year-old has been base-jumping since the age of 22 and has dedicated his life to human flight. footage shows him and his friend, dressed in their wing-suits, leaping out of a helicopter as they dive down into the sea.
James Wilson has revealed he would take one quality from Wayne Rooney and add it to his own game. the 19-year-old would take the captain's ability to take free-kicks. he would also like to have Robin van persie's movement and radarel falcao's instincts. Wilson has made 16 appearances for manchester united this season.
Lewis Hamilton has won nine of the last 11 grands prix. the british driver has been on pole at the last four races. he has a 27-point cushion in the drivers' standings.
it seems to happen after every single world cup that someone near to the top of english cricket gets the sack. it is high time we looked at the entire structure of english cricket. too many of the current selectors and coaches are from a different era. even the sacking of alastair cook as one-day captain was a slow and protracted affair.
sunderland winger was charged with grooming and sexual activity with a 15-year-old girl. the 27-year-old has been bailed to appear before magistrates on may 20. if found guilty, he faces a lengthy prison term.
Luis suarez bit italian defender giorgio chiellini during the world cup. the striker received a four-month ban for the incident. his wife says he told her he didn't bite the defender before admitting the truth.
talkSPORT pundit Stan collymore celebrated aston villa's 3-3 draw with QPR on tuesday night. the former villa striker was in full fan mode, jumping up and down during the game. he greeted QPR's Joey barton falling down to win a free-kick by clearly shouting at him: 'you f****** rat'
three men could be seen scaling huge walls of waves at deadman's point in manly, Sydney. a staggering 312mm of rain fell in 24 hours in Dungog, in the Hunter region of new south wales, where three elderly people were found dead. a horse was rescued from drowning by a woman in a tin boat while four houses in the town were washed away. severe flash flooding has left 215,000 homes without power and caused commuter chaos with severe flash flooding
Wladimir Klitschko takes on Bryant jennings at new york's msg on April 25. it will be the Ukrainian's 18th successful defence of the heavyweight title. a win over jennings will take him to within one win of Larry Holmes' record.
the 27-year-old answered bail at Peterlee police station on thursday. he will now appear at Peterlee magistrates court on may 20. the alleged offences date from 30 December 2014 to 26 February 2015.
Eden Hazard is favourite to win the pfa player of the year award. former manchester united midfielder Paul Scholes says he needs to be more ruthless if he wants to be compared with the world's best players. Scholes says he would vote for Hazard ahead of striker Harry kane.
AP McCoy's mount in the Grade One celebration chase at Sandown on Saturday has been installed as one of three 7-2 co-favourites. Paul Nicholls-trained Mr Mole is bracketed with Irish raider Special Tiara and Nicky Henderson’s Sprinter Sacre. Mr Mole will be McCoy’s last ride in a Grade One race.
the 27-year-old was charged with grooming and three counts of sexual activity with a 15-year-old girl. he has been bailed to appear before Peterlee magistrates on may 20. if found guilty, he could face a lengthy prison term.
Wladimir Klitschko takes on american Bryant jennings at new york's msg on saturday. it will be the 39-year-old's 27th heavyweight title fight. he has dominated the heavyweight division for nearly a decade. 'as long as I have motivation and health, I'll do it,' said Klitschko. jennings is 19-0 since taking up boxing six years ago.
Chris Gayle is currently in india ahead of this year's IPL tournament. the batsman uploaded an Instagram picture behind some DJ decks. royal challengers Bangalore take on the Kolkata knight riders on saturday.
Manny Pacquiao appeared on friend Mario Lopez's extra programme on wednesday. the pair traded hill runs and graft in the gym for a touch of Hollywood glamour. the pair know each other from training in the same gym.
AP McCoy will jump his final fence this weekend at Sandown. the legendary jockey has been champion jockey every year he's been a professional. to mark his retirement we've got some brilliant stats and little-known facts.
David luiz and ezequiel lavezzi played a prank on Zoumana camara. the 36-year-old's face was dunked into his birthday cake on friday. camara is a fringe player at the french champions this season.
Wayne rooney has been interviewed by 'littles' on ITV's Saturday night takeaway. the manchester united striker admits he gets annoyed when fans chant his name. the 29-year-old jokes: 'just like this! that's the annoying part!'
Diego maradona guided argentina to 1986 world cup glory. the 54-year-old has not worked since leaving united arab emirates club al-wasl in 2012. maradona started off with shots to the dummy's head before turning to the body.
UFC bantamweight champion stepped out in a sleek black dress and heels. the look impressed her mother, a former world judo champion. the premiere follows her acclaimed debut WWE appearance in wrestlemania 31.
the 31-year-old has yet to open talks over a new contract at stamford bridge and his current deal runs out in 2016. Bayern like Ivanovic but don't expect Chelsea to sell yet they know he will be free to talk to foreign clubs from January. psg will make a £7million bid for petr cech this summer.
Inter will propose a loan with view to a permanent £15million deal for the striker. the 25-year-old is keen to return to italy after making just 39 appearances. city would prefer the money up front and are reluctant to agree to a loan deal for the montenegro international.
javier Hernandez scored the goal of his life against atletico madrid on wednesday. but real are unlikely to take up their option to make loan permanent. manchester united have no shortage of interest in the man from mexico.
Victor wanyama has been linked with a move to the Emirates this summer. the 23-year-old said he has never spoken to arsene wenger. wanyama's stock has risen in the premier league since joining from Celtic.
Paulo dysbala has scored 13 league goals for palermo this season. the 21-year-old has attracted interest from a number of leading clubs. reports in italy suggest that juve have offered £23million for him.
Radamel falcao is on loan at manchester united from monaco. the 29-year-old has scored just four goals for united this season. Serie a champions claim they cannot afford to sign the loan star.
Alan pardew has been linked with a move for goalkeeper Tim Krul. the 53-year-old left his former club to join crystal palace in the summer. pardew insists he is happy with current no 1 goalkeeper Julian speroni.
Kevin de bruyne has attracted interest from a number of premier league clubs. the 23-year-old's agent says he could receive 20 phone calls a day. de bruyne has scored 10 league goals and registered 17 assists.
gareth bale is out of real madrid's clash with atletico madrid on wednesday. the world's most expensive player wants to stay at the bernabeu. bale is adamant that he wants to stay at the club beyond the end of the season.
defender Kurt Zouma has revealed he has dreams of winning the ballon d'or. the 20-year-old hopes to emulate compatriot and former club captain Marcel desailly. the frenchman joined the blues in 2014 after making 73 appearances for Ligue 1 outfit saint-etienne.
petr cech looks certain to leave stamford bridge at the end of the season. cech will hold talks with manager jose mourinho at the end of the season. the 32-year-old is keen on resolving his future as quickly as possible. arsenal must be swift with a move for their top goalkeeping target.
Yaya toure is wanted by former manager Roberto mancini this summer. the 31-year-old midfielder has struggled to hit top form for city. mancini wants to reunite with toure after managing him at city. click here for all the latest manchester city news.
west ham are interested in signing crystal palace midfielder James McArthur. the hammers have been impressed by his workmanlike performances. the 27-year-old has scored twice in 27 premier league appearances.
Manchester united have made an official approach for the 21-year-old winger. united boss louis van gaal is keen to make him one of his first signings. depay was named in van gaal's 23-man world cup squad last year. click here for all the latest transfer news with our live updates.
manchester city are preparing bids for sterling, barkley and rodriguez. sterling has refused to sign a new £100,000-a-week contract at anfield. the winger could buy out the final year of his contract for £1.7m. barkley has been inconsistent this season but would command a hefty fee.
Alvaro morata is a target for manchester city ahead of possible summer bid. real madrid have a buy-back option set at around £15million. city also remain keen on juve midfielder Paul pogba.
juve striker Carlos Tevez is yet to make a decision on his future. talks of a return to his boyhood club intensified over the weekend. the 31-year-old replicated his famous chicken dance celebration against lazio.
hearts captain Danny Wilson will leave the club at the end of the season. the 23-year-old has activated a clause in his current contract. Celtic manager Ronny deila has been linked with a move for the defender.
the 31-year-old's contract with the italian champions runs until 2016. but he has reportedly told the club he wants to leave this summer. Boca have confirmed they are close to completing a deal for him.
Edinson cavani is a target for manchester united this summer. but the striker insists he will stay at paris saint-germain until his contract expires. the uruguayan missed several chances during the defeat to barcelona.
Georginio wijnaldum has been linked with a move to the premier league. the 24-year-old has scored 16 goals in all competitions for PSV this season. the midfielder favourited a tweet linking him with a move to the premier league.
Oscar has been criticised by jose mourinho in recent weeks. the 23-year-old cost the blues £19.35million this summer. juve and liverpool are interested in signing the midfielder.
argentine striker wants to leave the club at the end of the season. reports in italy claim he has already told the club's hierarchy. he has always said he wants to finish his career at Boca juniors.
Patrick Bamford is currently on loan at championship side middlesbrough. the 21-year-old has impressed during loan spells at mk dons, Derby and middlesbrough. he has just over a year left on his deal at the etihad stadium.
defender Tom Lees and goalkeeper keiren westwood in line for new deals. the pair have impressed since joining the club last summer. goalkeeper westwood is among the contenders for player of the year.
Nathan has been in talks with the blues this week and passed a medical. the 19-year-old is seen as the next big thing in south american football. manchester city had hoped to tie up a deal after first spotting the player.
Victor Moses injured his hamstring against westham on saturday. the winger has returned to parent club Chelsea for treatment. the 24-year-old is expected to be out for six weeks.
Andre ayew is out of contract at Marseille in the summer. the 25-year-old is free to talk to foreign clubs, including borussia dortmund. ayew is the son of former Ghana midfielder abedi pele.
arsenal are interested in signing liverpool winger Raheem sterling. sterling is stalling on a new £100,000-per-week contract at anfield. the 20-year-old has been caught smoking shisha and inhaling nitrous oxide.
Christian fuchs is out of contract at schalke at the end of the season. the 29-year-old is keen on a move to the premier league. he was outstanding in Schalke's 4-3 champions league win over real madrid last month.
gareth bale has been linked with a move to manchester united. but real madrid legendzinedine zidane has ruled him out of move. the 25-year-old has endured a difficult second season at the club.
manchester city have decided to listen to offers for yaya toure and samir nasri. manuel pellegrini is under intense scrutiny following defeat by united. the premier league champions are also open to allowing nasri to leave.
helal abbas, 55, lost his bid to become the mayor of tower hamlets. the claim appeared in an ethnic freesheet days after the election. race was won by controversial figure Lutfur Rahman, 50. Mr Rahman has been accused of rigging his re-election victory.
Nabil bentaleb's current deal expires in the summer of 2018. the midfielder has impressed under Mauricio pochettino at white hart lane. clubs from across europe are known to be monitoring the situation.
time lapse video shows the water creeping along the tracks at bardwell park in Sydney's south. the flooding forced the partial closure of the T2 airport line. about 80 sets of traffic lights are still out across the city.
seven-week-old grace joy roseman choked to death in her bedside cot. she managed to move over the edge and a'safety ridge' cut off oxygen. coroner has called for 'dangerous' cot to be pulled from shelves.
Rudy gestede has revealed his desire to play in the premier league. blackburn striker has scored 20 goals in the championship this season. the 26-year-old has attracted interest from a number of premier league clubs.
footage of the brief contest was captured on a property near the Amber mountain national park on the northern edge of Madagascar. it shows the males sizing each other up before one is forced to retreat following a violent battle for a female chameleon.
dapper Laughs documented his journey to Sydney in a video posted online. he chatted up female air stewardesses and mocked airport cleaners along the way. despite his jibes being branded'sexist' his latest video shows he hasn't changed tact.
a man was shot in new york city as he fled from the scene of an alleged crime and opened fire. members of the new york police department claim the man, 30, opened fire in the queens section of the city after they responded to a call from a bar that shots had been fired. when he turned around to do so again he was shot dead.
Mauricio pochettino is set to return to his former club on saturday. the argentine will be given a hostile reception at the south coast club. but pochettino claims he can handle any animosity on his return.
Ronny deila insists he still has a positive view of officiating in scotland. he says referees facing the media would help quell long-running furores. deila wrote to the SFA in the aftermath of last weekend's defeat to inverness.
Alan pardew is keen on bringing in a big name to boost the club's profile. the former Newcastle boss is prepared to let star winger Yannick Bolasie leave for 'between 40 and 60 million pounds' pardew's side host relegation strugglers hull city on saturday.
lorient climbed out of the relegation zone with a 5-3 away win at Marseille. the home side had not won at home since the start of february. andre ayew scored a brace for the home side in the first half. michy batshuayi equalised for the visitors with 14 minutes remaining.
inverness defender Josh meekings will play in the Scottish cup final. a charge of deliberate handball to deny leigh Griffiths was thrown out. meekings admitted he was fortunate not to have conceded a penalty.
Southampton only need a point to break the record premier league points tally set last season under Mauricio pochettino. 'not with real madrid. never, never. you can trust me,' says former saints boss Ronald Koeman. 'it is a very nice experience to be part of the premier league. it is nice to stay and to be the manager of Southampton,' he says.
Jack Grealish is torn between representing the republic of ireland or the three lions. west ham defender Carl Jenkinson has experienced an identical dilemma before. Jenkinson chose the three lions despite having played for his mother's country, Finland, at under 18 and under 21 level.
west ham are the first premier league club to reduce season ticket prices. manager Sam allardyce has labelled the move the best business by any premier league club in a long time. west ham's cheapest adult season ticket for the 2016-17 campaign will cost £289.
Le'Veon bell will miss the first three games of the new season. he was stopped in his car last august after a police officer noticed a strong smell of marijuana. former Steeler leGarretteblount was also in the car and was charged with marijuana possession.
Tottenham are considering sharing their new £400m stadium with an NFL franchise. the new state-of-the-art stadium could have a'slide-out' grass football pitch. the new £400m stadium is due to be completed for the 2018-19 season.
Mauricio pochettino spent 16 months as manager of saints. the argentine was sacked by Nicola cortese and replaced by the argentine. pochettino will return to his former club for the first time since leaving.
New England patriots will host the Pittsburgh steelers in the opening game of the 2015 season on september 10. week one also features a prime-time showdown between the new york giants and their Nfc east rivals Dallas cowboys. week two also features a double-header between the Atlanta falcons and the Philadelphia eagles. week 12 will see the traditional Thanksgiving triple-header between the green bay packers and the Chicago bears.
the first-degree murder conviction carries a mandatory sentence of life in prison without parole in the slaying of Odin Lloyd. the 27-year-old landscaper and amateur weekend football player was dating the sister of Hernandez’s fiancee. police almost immediately zeroed in on Hernandez because they found in Lloyd’s pocket the key to a car the former football pro had rented. within hours of Hernandez’s arrest, the patriots cut the former pro bowl athlete.
'just because he's on my team i don't stop feeling that way,' says Michael Bennett. 'i can't do the things i was doing to him when we were playing him,' says Bennett. 'when he comes to our team, he's a part of our team. he's going to have to block and do all those things,' says Bennett.
Charles tillman has agreed a deal with the Carolina Panthers. the veteran cornerback has ended his 12-year career with the bears. the 34-year-old has been a stalwart of the defense since 2003.
the decision to ban hardy, who last played for the Carolina Panthers, followed a two-month NFL investigation that started after the dismissal of his domestic violence case in February. the probe determined there was'sufficient credible evidence that hardy engaged in conduct that violated NFL policies in multiple respects' hardy may appeal the NFL's decision within three days.
the 26-year-old suffered a tear to his right ACL last season. he played just six games as the patriots won their sixth straight afc east title and went on to win the super bowl.'sending love to all my day one fans, and every team-mate I've had the pleasure to take the field with,' he wrote.
the 41-year-old was in the league's officiating development program in 2013-14 and worked some team minicamps last year. she was the first woman to work college games in 2007 and the first to officiate a bowl game, the 2009 little Caesars pizza bowl in Detroit.
leSean McCoy was shipped to the bills in exchange for linebacker kiko alonso. 'i don’t think he likes or respects the stars. I’m being honest. I think he likes the fact that it’s "Chip Kelly and the Eagles",' he said. 'he likes the fact that it’s "Chip Kelly and the Eagles",' he added.
Denver broncos cornerback is being investigated for aggravated assault. reports of an altercation at a nightclub in Dallas, texas, on wednesday. Talib and his brother Yaqub had a physical fight inside the club. then a shot was fired outside, causing 'an immediate panic'.
Adrian Peterson will meet with the NFL to discuss his reinstatement. the 30-year-old was placed on the commissioner's exempt list due to a child abuse case. the 2012 MVP told ESPN he was 'uneasy' about returning.
the 42-year-old mother-of-three has officiated pre-season games as a line judge. she will be one of eight new officials for the 2015 season. in 2012, Shannon eastin was hired during an officiating lockout but was not hired permanently.
Efe Obada will fly out to Texas next month for rookie mini-camp. the 22-year-old only started playing american football half way through last season. the 6ft 5in, 225-pounder will be used as a defensive end or tight end.
the Jaguars have opened a competition for UK-based fans via nfluk.com. the winner will announce the draft picks live on sky sports in the UK and the NFL network in the united states. it will mark the first time that any part of the NFL Draft has taken place outside the united states.
Badou Jack outpointed american boxer Anthony dirrell to win the world super-middleweight title. the 31-year-old will now face mandatory challenger George Groves. on the undercard, Danny Jacobs successfully defended his WBA middleweight title.
Nicola Adams had been due to fight at the english national championships. but she has pulled out after a burglary at her home in Leeds. two cars, training kit and valuable personal possessions were taken.
unbeaten boxer mayweather faces more pressure than his opponent. but he says he will still be victorious in the fight in las vegas on may 2. tickets for the bout go on sale on thursday night.
boxing fans hoping to attend the weigh-in for the welterweight showdown between Floyd mayweather and Manny Pacquiao must buy advance tickets. tickets will cost £6.60 and will go on sale through the MGM resorts call centre and box office on friday at 8pm. all funds raised will go to the charities chosen by mayweather and Pacquiao - Susan G. Komen and the Cleveland Clinic Lou Ruvo center for brain health.
Luke rockhold beat Lyoto machida by second-round submission. rockhold now wants a title shot and a shot at MMA history in new york. 'i am the no 1 contender,' he said. 'i'm the best guy around'
Lyoto machida was wrapped in an electric blanket with the dial turned up to ‘max’ just half an hour before he was due to step on the scales. at the end of the video, the Brazilian lifts up his sauna suit and empties a considerable volume of water on to the floor. the 36-year-old later tipped the scales on the welterweight limit of 185lb as he prepares to take on Luke Rockhold in new jersey on Saturday.
Lyoto machida and luke rockhold face off in new jersey on saturday. rockhold is bidding for his fourth consecutive win since losing to belfort. 'i've just got to come forward and go out there and dominate him,' he said.
conor McGregor said he would 'kill' boxer in less than 30 seconds. he said mayweather lacked the skills in areas other than boxing. mayweather takes on long-time rival Manny Pacquiao next month.
Ronda Rousey made her first in-ring appearance at wrestlemania 31. she appeared with fast and furious 7 co-star the rock. but her focus is on her upcoming fight against Bethe correia.
Jeff Novitzky will spearhead the development of the new drug testing programme. he was also involved in the investigations into Barry Bonds, Marion Jones and Justin gatlin. the UFC announced earlier this year that they would implement a new year-round, out-of-competition testing protocol.
Jimi manuwa takes on poland's Jan Blachowicz in london on tuesday. manuwa suffered his first defeat in a professional fight last july. the 28-year-old is confident he can return to winning ways.
mirko 'crocrop' Filipovic faces Gabriel Gonzaga in poland on saturday. the serbian lost to the Brazilian in 2007 by a first-round head kick. but he is confident he can avenge the defeat on home soil.
conor McGregor takes on featherweight champion Jose aldo in las vegas on july 11. aldo makes the eighth defence of his belt against the irishman. the pair took their featherweight tour to dublin last week.
Paula creamer has called for a women's Masters at augusta national. the 2010 women's us open winner first floated the idea on twitter. creamer suggested a women's event could be staged the week following the men's showpiece in April.
no 1 ranked mendes and no 4 ranked lamas meet in fairfax on saturday. mendes' only two professional losses have come at the hands of the Brazilian king. 'Money' mendes is confident he is stronger than 'The Bully' in every department. lamas also dropped a decision to aldo when the two met last year.
Justin rose finished joint second in the masters at augusta national earlier this month. the 34-year-old has not finished outside the top 15 in his last three outings at TPC Louisiana. rose will play alongside two other players who performed well in the Masters for the first two rounds.
conor McGregor is challenging Jose aldo for his featherweight title in las vegas on July 11. the 26-year-old has revealed a tiger's face tattooed onto his stomach. 'The notorious' has already got a picture of a gorilla eating a heart inked upon his chest.
Chad mendes landed a right hand that buckled former title contender Ricardo lamas. mendes then connected with a powerful left hook that put lamas down for a second time, but again lamas rose. the win ensured mendes retained his no 1 featherweight ranking.
the 30-year-old has been dating golf's former no 1 since 2013. she was pictured accompanying his children around the masters at augusta. vonn says she feels 'privileged' to be along for the ride with her boyfriend.
three-time winner faldo will walk across the famous Swilcan Bridge for the final time on the 25th anniversary of his victory on the old course. five-time Open champion Watson received a special exemption from the R&a to play his final Open in 2015. 'i look forward to celebrating all that golf has given me as I cross that storied bridge and the wonderful memories I share with many people,' said faldo.
Bubba Watson showed off a baseball-style shot while practicing in china. the 36-year-old hit the ball down the middle as it was dropped from a height. the ball flew straight down the middle, much to the excitement of his caddie.
Jim furyk beats Kevin Kisner in a play-off to win the rbc heritage. the 44-year-old hit a final round 63 to finish 18-under in regulation play. furyk's win is his first on the PGA tour since 2010.
Kiradech aphibarnrat won the inaugural shenzhen international. the 25-year-old produced a brilliant finish to claim his second european tour title and break Chinese hearts. teenager Li hao-tong looked to have done enough to secure a hugely popular victory on home soil.
Kiradech aphibarnrat fired six birdies in the space of nine holes. the 25-year-old overtook american Peter uihlein at the shenzhen international. double masters champion bubba Watson struggled to his second consecutive round of 74 to finish two over par.
carly booth posted the revealing selfie to her 9,778 followers on instagram. the 22-year-old is currently in Mauritius for a photo shoot with golf punk magazine. Booth became the youngest-ever Scot to qualify for the ladies european tour.
Troy Merritt fired a 10-under 61 to equal the course record at harbour town golf links. the american opened up a four-shot lead at the top of the standings. the 21-year-old bounced back from his opening 74 with a nine-under-par round of 62 to sit six under.
Rory McIlroy's foundation is hosting the tournament at royal county down from may 28-31. the world number one has been a major influence in attracting a top-class field. the tournament will feature five players who have been world number one - McIlroy, Donald, Kaymer, Ernie Els and Lee westwood.
Jordan Spieth finished the first round of the rbc heritage on three over par. the 21-year-old looked tired as he struggled in difficult conditions. he admitted lack of preparation affected his first round in south carolina.
Rory McIlroy battled with fellow northern irishman Jamie Dornan. the duo were taking part in the first Circular Soccer showdown of 2015. the world no 1 defeated the film star 2-1 to take the crown.
Agnieszka radwanska was beaten 7-6 (8/6) 6-4 by Sara Errani on wednesday. it is the second high-profile exit at the Porsche tennis grand prix in as many days. world no 9 follows ana ivanovic out of the tournament on tuesday.
second-seed Rafael Nadal was looking for his ninth career title. but he was dumped out of the tournament by italian Fabio Fognini. the world no 4 lost 6-4, 7-6 (8-6) to move into the quarter-finals.
Bubba Watson is four shots off the pace at the shenzhen international. defending champion sits in joint 17th place after opening round of 70. home hope Huang wen-yi leads the way after a six-under-par round.
Jordan Spieth will play in the RBC heritage classic on thursday. the 21-year-old won the masters at augusta national on sunday. he arrived at sea pines resort late on tuesday night after a media whirlwind.
Rafael Nadal beat Nicolas Almagro 6-3 6-1 to reach the third round of the Barcelona open on wednesday. the world no 4 is bidding for his ninth career title on the catalan clay court. the pair met in the 2013 final, when Nadal claimed his eighth title.
there will be a capacity of 7,000 for the match against france at the queen's club, but well under 3,000 tickets may be available. the rest will go to various organisations and governing bodies. a considerable percentage going to well-heeled queen's members.
Marin Cilic was eliminated in the second round of the Barcelona open. the 2014 u.s. open champion is struggling for fitness and form. the fourth seed rested to recover from a shoulder injury.
fifth seed Ana Ivanovic was seen off 7-6 (8/6) 6-4 by france's Caroline Garcia in the first round of the Porsche tennis grand prix in Stuttgart. the 2014 runner-up had already lost to the world no 29 twice this year.
top seed maria sharapova was beaten in three sets by angelique kerber. the three-time defending champion also lost her world no 2 ranking.
Jose mourinho was given a tour of the all england club by former british no 1 Tim henman as part of a new deal between Jaguar and the all england club. 'for a British player to win Wimbledon after so many years i felt so much emotion. i am not British, but on that day I felt like i was,' said mourinho.
serena Williams beat Sara Errani 4-6 7-6(3) 6-3 in the fed cup play-off. the american is now 8-0 in her career against the italian. 'today has been a big eye opener,' said the world no 1.
top seed Kei Nishikori made a successful start to his Barcelona open title defence with a straight sets victory over Teymuraz Gabashvili. the other seeds to advance to the third round were both Spaniards. eighth-time champion Rafael Nadal's first match of this year's tournament will be a second-round clash with fellow spaniard Nicolas Almagro.
Martina Navratilova and Agnieszka Radwanska have parted ways. the pair announced in december that they would work together. Radwanska is currently ranked no 9 in the world.
Novak djokovic is being tipped to beat Rafa nadal at the french open. the world no 1 beat the spaniard in the semi-finals in monte carlo. but nadal insists he has no worries about facing the serbian.
venerable club will host britain's biggest home tie in three decades. tickets go on sale on may 27 and the match is sure to sell out quickly. the likely capacity of the one court used is around 7,000.
Jenson Button failed to start his 100th race for McLaren in Bahrain. the british driver spent much of the race on twitter delivering his verdict. 'is Lewis backing his team mate into Vettel?' he asked.
the 35-year-old's engine cut out at the first corner of his opening quick lap. in FP2 a sensor issue forced him to pull over after just three corners. he will start the race 20th and last - his lowest grid slot since 2008.
Bernie Ecclestone confirms azerbaijan will stage the european grand prix. the race will be held in the capital of Baku and will be known as the european grand prix. human rights watch's 2015 report on the former Soviet republic was damning.
Novak djokovic defeated tomas berdych 7-5 4-6 6-3 at the monte carlo open. the world no 1 became the first player to win the opening three ATP world tour Masters 1000 events. djokovic had overpowered eight-time champion Rafael nadal to reach the final.
Rosberg will start behind team-mate Hamilton for the fourth consecutive race. the german was third six-tenths of a second behind his mercedes team-mate. he will start behind the Ferrari of Sebastian Vettel, who is emerging as a putative title contender.
the british driver was set to start from the back of the grid. but despite frantic work from his team he was forced to watch from the sidelines. 'the engine is not broken,' said McLaren chairman Ron Dennis.
Lewis Hamilton dominated qualifying for the Bahrain grand prix on sunday. the double world champion took pole position by four-tenths of a second. team-mate Nico Rosberg was third six-tenths of a second behind Hamilton.
Ferrari team principal Maurizio arrivalabene has urged Kimi Raikkonen to improve his performances if he wants to stay at the marque. the 35-year-old's contract ends at the end of the current formula one season. there is an option for 2016 provided both parties are in agreement.
Ferrari team principal Maurizio arriveabene has revealed to using a carrot-and-stick method with Kimi Raikkonen to keep his desire to stay high. it has been suggested that the 30-year-old will replace Raikkonen at Ferrari for next season. last week Arrivabene urged Raikkonen to raise his game in the wake of an indifferent start to the campaign. in Sunday's Bahrain grand prix, Raikkonen finished on the podium for the first time in 26 grands prix
Nico Rosberg is wary of the threat Ferrari pose in this weekend's race. the 29-year-old is 0.115secs quicker than team-mate Lewis Hamilton. he described their pace as 'dangerous' and 'worrying'.
Bernie Ecclestone has urged Lewis Hamilton to consider a move from Mercedes to Ferrari. the f1 supremo was speaking after calling Hamilton in for talks in Bahrain. the 30-year-old has yet to sign a new contract with the german team.
Davy condon suffered spinal concussion in a fall in the grand national at aintree. it was the second time within a year that the rider suffered a similar injury. condon has been advised to retire due to the risk of further injury.
french trainer Freddy head likens his 2,000 Guineas hope to Charm Spirit. ride like the wind won just one of his four starts last season. head says ride like the wind is 'on the same sort of level' as charm spirit was at this time last year.
Jenson Button's car suffered an electrical fault in the first practice session. the 35-year-old's mechanics failed to fix the fault until FP2. three laps in he had to stop out on track as a safety precaution. he finished 19th, almost 4.5 seconds off the pace of nico rosberg.
Robbie McNamara broke eight ribs, cracked six vertebrae and has no feeling in his legs. the jockey was due to partner last year's gold cup winner Lord Windermere in the Crabbie's grand national at wexford. despite still having no feeling in his legs, he was able to leave his bed for the first time on Tuesday.
AP McCoy has confirmed he will ride to the final race at Sandown on Saturday if he can secure mounts. there had been speculation that the soon-to-be-crowned 20-time champion jockey would end his career after riding in the AP McCoy Celebration Chase. but there is now a good chance his final mount as a professional jockey will come in the handicap hurdle run at 5.35 on saturday.
AP McCoy will be presented with his final champion jockeys trophy on saturday at Sandown. track officials had been keen to secure someone with a connection to the club which the retiring rider fervently supports. former striker Thierry Henry was asked to present the award but his sky employers vetoed the move.
Northampton face Saracens at stadiummk on saturday. saints have lost two of their last three games. Tom wood's side were knocked out of the champions cup by Clermont.
Jack cosgrove has been capped nine times for the dark blues under 20s. the 20-year-old prop has penned a two-year deal with the club. ties him to the Murrayfield outfit until may 2017.
michael allen will join Edinburgh at the end of the season on a two-year deal. the 24-year-old can play either at wing or centre. he has never lived outside of northern ireland.
Gloucester selected Mariano Galarza for their league game against sale sharks. the lock should have been ineligible, according to the rugby football union. the case will be heard by an independent panel on monday, April 27.
Billy Vunipola, toulon flanker Steffon armitage and Clermont full back Nick Abendanon have all been shortlisted for the european player of the year award. the trio starred for mark McCall's side throughout the pool stages. armitage was named european player of the year last season.
Davy McGregor suffered the sickening injury while playing for heriot's racing club against the barbarians. the hooker was caught by an opponent's hip or shorts. the former ulster hooker took to twitter to show off his battle scars.
manu tuilagi has been out of action since the autumn internationals. the 23-year-old picked up a groin injury playing against utd in october. tuilagi is targeting a return to action in time for his country's pre-world cup preparations.
brown was knocked out of the 6 nations match against italy in february. he has continued to suffer headaches nine weeks after his injury. the 29-year-old has been advised not to play against sale on saturday.
the 28-year-old has helped the waikato-based chiefs win two super rugby titles. he will follow waratahs wing Peter Betham to welford road next season.
toulon fly half Matt Giteau is eligible to play for the wallabies again. the 32-year-old has not featured for the wallabies since the 2011 world cup. the australian rugby union announced a policy change on wednesday.
Andy Farrell says rugby union is going to be the sport of the year. Stuart Lancaster's side begin their campaign against fiji on september 18. the world cup will encompass 48 matches spread across 44 days of action.
players with 60 caps who have held contract with australia for at least seven years will be eligible to continue their international careers. other players based abroad will immediately become eligible if they commit to playing Super rugby in australia for the following two seasons. flyhalf Matt Giteau and winger Drew Mitchell, who both play for toulon, would immediately qualify to play at the world cup later this year.
england lead west indies by 74 runs at the end of day three of second test. captain alastair cook and Jonathan trott top-scored for the visitors. england's top order put on 373 for six at stumps on a hot day.
Joe root reached 118 not out at stumps on day three of the second test in grenada. it was the Yorkshireman's sixth test century and his first overseas. alastair cook failed to reach three figures in his 211-ball 76.
marlon Samuels gave Ben Stokes a military-style salute on his way out. the west indies all-rounder muttered under his breath as he walked past. england closed on 373 for six, a lead of 74, thanks to unbeaten 118.
alastair cook and Jonathan trott have scored more than 100 runs together. the opening-stand century was the first in test cricket for two years. new zealand all-rounder Corey Anderson could miss the series in england. west indies bowler Shannon Gabriel reached 93mph on wednesday.
Stuart broad took three wickets on day two of the second test in grenada. captain alastair cook worked his way to 37 not out at stumps. a defiant last wicket stand of 52 from devendra bishoo and Shannon Gabriel lifted west indies to 299.
the pugnacious opener sustained the injury playing for the Mumbai Indians in the Indian premier league. 'aaron had scans that confirmed a high grade hamstring injury,' said cricket australia team physiotherapist.
alastair cook passed alec stewart's 8,463 runs to become england's second highest run-scorer in a test. england were bowled out for 299 by west indies on day two of the second test. it was only the third test to be played on the spice island.
Zara Phillips has pulled out of the Rolex Kentucky three-day event. the queen's granddaughter was due to make her debut at the event. but the horse high kingdom suffered a cut leg ahead of a dressage test.
Kawhi Leonard scored 32 points as the spurs beat the clippers 100-73 on friday. the result gave the reigning champions a 2-1 series lead in the first round. the clippers must now come from behind after two straight defeats.
graeme swann reveals when alastair cook's form turned for the worse. swann: 'two years ago when we were in new zealand, Brendon McCullum said cook was the closest thing to don Bradman' swann: 'it's the greatest piece of reverse psychology i've ever seen'
Ben Stokes and marlon Samuels clashed on the first day of the second test. the pair clashed repeatedly on the pitch and Samuels taunted Stokes. he said: 'the english boys don't learn because whenever they talk to me i continue to score runs!' west indies batsman is 94 not out after a hard-fought opening day.
alejandro valverde sprinted to victory ahead of Julian alaphilippe and michael albasini. team sky's Chris Froome finished back in 123rd after a fall. former winner Philippe Gilbert pulled out 50 kilometres from the end.
Ronnie o'Sullivan beat Craig steadman 10-3 in their first round match. the 39-year-old had trouble with his shoes during the session on tuesday. o'Sullivan could have faced a £250 fine for breaching dress code.
Reanne Evans has seen her reign as women's world snooker champion come to an end. the 29-year-old from dudley lost to Ken doherty in the first round of qualifying for the betfred world championship. she lost 4-2 in the semi-finals to hong kong's Ng On Yee.
van Gerwen cruised to a 7-0 win over james Wade during the night's finale. Anderson lost 7-1 to Stephen bunting in the opening match of the night. the world no 1 and world champion both won and lost a game apiece.
all five of the series that have played two games now stand at 2-0. lebron james scored 30 points as the cleveland cavaliers beat the boston Celtics 99-91 at home. dwight howard scored 16 points as the houston rockets beat the st louis rams 104-104 on monday night.
judd Trump beat Stuart carrington 10-6 in the first round of the world championship. the 25-year-old led 7-2 from the previous day but battled back. he will now face Marco fu in the second round.
world record holder was 'close to pulling out' of the marathon on sunday. but celebrity doctor Hans-Wilhelm Muller-wohlfahrt has made sure she will race in her final competitive marathon of her career. the 41-year-old turned to Muller-wohlfahrt, who has worked with the likes of Ronaldo, michael Owen and usain bolt.
Ding was on for a maximum break of 147 at the world snooker championship. but he screwed back up the table to get position on the blue instead. the world no 3 realised what he had done and chuckled.
Jimmy Butler scored 31 points as the bulls beat the bucks 91-82 on monday. the win gives the bulls a 2-0 lead in their first-round play-off series. the top-seeded Warriors beat the new orleans pelicans 97-87.
Stephen curry scored 40 points as the golden state warriors beat the new orleans pelicans 123-119 in overtime. the dramatic win was mirrored by a double overtime win for the bulls. no team has ever overcome a 3-0 deficit to win a playoff series.
the august 1 encounter will feature a team africa vs team world format. team africa will be comprised of players from the continent and of second generation, while team world will consist of those from the rest of the globe. the game will take place following the 13th edition of Basketball without Borders (BWB) Africa.
Neil Robertson has committed more hours to the game than ever before. the 2010 champion turned a 7-2 lead into a 10-2 victory over Jamie Jones. 'i have put in more hours for this tournament than any other in my career,' he said.
arsenal face chelsea at the emirates stadium on sunday. arsene wenger wants former players to be treated with respect. a prominent fan called for a banner to be removed from the Ken friar bridge.
the 28-year-old missed the semi-final win against Liverpool with a hamstring injury. but he could be back in action against manchester city on saturday. villa are currently four points clear of the relegation zone in 15th position.
just nine points separate the bottom seven teams in the premier league. sportsmail asks some of the managers in and among the dog fight what they feel is required for them to avoid the drop this season. 'if we win three games I think we will stay up. it might take less,' says QPR manager Chris Ramsey.
former chairman of everton died aged 87 on thursday. he also served as president of the football league and a vice-president of the football association. under his stewardship, the club won two league titles, an FA cup and the european cup winners' cup.
burnley striker Danny ings hasn't scored since february 11. the 23-year-old has been heavily linked with a move to manchester united or liverpool when his contract at Turf moor runs out in the summer. manager Sean Dyche has called on the rest of his players to share the goalscoring burden to keep the team in the premier league.
Aaron lennon has just four games left of his loan spell at everton. the winger is ineligible to face his parent club on the final day of the season. reports have linked lennon with a swap deal with Kevin mirallas.
Kevin mirallas has been linked with a move away from everton. the 27-year-old scored his first premier league goal since december 28. manager Roberto Martinez insists he has two years left on his contract. the toffees face manchester united at goodison park on sunday.
Leroy Fer has not played since injuring his knee against sunderland. the 25-year-old has struggled for form and fitness since joining QPR. manager Chris Ramsey admits the club are taking a chance on the midfielder.
Steve McClaren admits there was interest in him from the north east club. but the former england boss insists he has no idea if he is a candidate. he insists his sole focus is steering his side to promotion at the end of the season.
Steve Bruce is confident he can keep Hull City in the premier league. the tigers were beaten 2-0 at home by Southampton on saturday. they are now just two points clear of the drop zone.
pardew says he would sell winger for '£40m to £60m' if offered. winger joined palace for £400,000 from bristol city in 2012. pardew said 'every player has a price' but admitted 'every player has a price'
Newcastle lost 3-1 at home to spurs in the premier league last weekend. thousands of supporters boycotted the match in protest at lack of ambition. fans group AshleyOut.com are encouraging supporters to 'Stand Up To Ashley' when Swansea visit St James' park on Saturday. interim manager John carver has called for unity at the club.
Esteban cambiasso signed a one-year deal with Leicester last summer. the 34-year-old has been in excellent form for the foxes this season. cambiasso is now wanted by Delhi Dynamos in india's I-League.
Thibaut verlinden is a highly regarded member of Belgium's u16 squad. the 15-year-old has had trials with liverpool and everton. club brugge and anderlecht have also expressed an interest.
Romelu lukaku has scored 18 goals for everton this season. the belgian striker said he dealt with racism as a youngster. he said he used it as motivation to score goals. lukaku is hoping to strike up a partnership with strike partner Arouna kone.
Mauricio pochettino left saints for spurs in the summer of 2013. the argentine is returning to the club for the first time since joining in may. supporters are planning to wear orange against pochettino.
queens park rangers are in the drop zone of the premier league. but manager christian ramsey believes his side can stay up with three wins. ramsey's side face west ham, Liverpool, manchester city, Newcastle and Leicester.
everton beat struggling burnley 1-0 at goodison park on saturday. tom heaton produced a string of saves to keep burnley at bay. a John Terry-marshalled chelsea kept manchester united out.
Jack butland hopes Harry Kane can help him emulate Iker casillas. the 22-year-old joined manager gareth southgate and former world cup legend michael Owen at st george's park on st george's day. around 35 local schoolchildren from the east Midlands were put through their paces by FA skills coaches.
Brendan rodgers insists he is the right man to lead his side to success. the reds lost 2-1 to aston villa in the FA cup semi-final last weekend. but rodgers insists he is the right man for the job at the moment.
Swansea have revived their interest in blackburn striker Rudy gestede. anderlecht's aleksandar mitrovic and club brugge's Obbi Oulare have also attracted interest. andre ayew remains a target for bigger clubs.
there are just four points separating the bottom five in the premier league. three promoted clubs would make an immediate return to the championship. but can any of the bottom three climb to safety? or will the clubs above them succumb to fiendishly difficult fixture lists?
sebastien pocognoli has been dropped by west brom boss Tony Pulis. the left back says he doesn't understand why he isn't starting. the 27-year-old says he wants to stay in the premier league.
asmir Begovic's contract at Stoke expires at the end of the season. the goalkeeper has attracted interest from several top clubs, including real madrid. mark Hughes is keen to keep Begovic at the club as he looks to stabilise them in the top ten.
swansea moved off the bottom of the premier league table with a 2-0 victory at the King power stadium on saturday afternoon. the visitors were unable to find a way back into the match after a goalless first half. winger leonardo ulloa started in place of andrej Kramaric, but was substituted after 15 minutes. but when david nugent picked up an injury in the warm-up, he was sent on and scored
Adam rooney does not want to see Celtic win the league on their patch. the striker says it would be a 'painful experience' to watch on may 11. Celtic are eight points ahead of second place abderdeen.
Harry Kane tops this week's EA sports' performance index. the 21-year-old scored his 30th goal in all competitions for spurs on sunday. Christian Eriksen and Eden Hazard are second and third in the list.
west ham have announced their new season ticket pricing. the cheapest season ticket at the club's current ground is £620. there will be £289 seats on offer from the 2016-17 season. manager Sam allardyce believes filling the stadium is the most important thing for any premier league club.
Andre blackman stole a jacket worth more than £1,000 from harrods. the 24-year-old was ordered to carry out 40 hours of unpaid work. blackpool defender has been told he is surplus to requirements at the club.
west bromwich albion host liverpool at the hawthorns on saturday. the baggies are eight points above the relegation zone in the premier league. they also face manchester united, Chelsea and arsenal in their final five games.
Harry Kane is nominated for both the PFA player and young player of the season awards. the Spurs striker features in a clever new animation. the video uses still photographs of the striker placed one on top of the other to produce an animated effect.
Chris Sutton has branded additional official 'idiotic' for failing to see a handball by inverness caley thistle defender Josh meekings. meekings is fighting a ban from the Scottish cup final following a notice of complaint from the SFA compliance officer. 'there is no way he could have thought that ball hit the player on the head, he must be an idiot not to see it. it's just ridiculous,' insists former hoops striker
inverness defender Josh meekings was served with a retrospective notice of complaint by compliance officer Tony McGlennan. meekings handled a goal-bound header from Celtic's leigh Griffiths. Celtic wrote to the SFA to seek 'clarification' on the reasons for referee Steven McLean and his four assistants missing the incident.
virgil van dijk's 16th free-kick gave the parkhead side a dream start. but additional assistant Alan muir failed to spot a goalline handball. Celtic were then denied a clear penalty and the chance to go 2-0 ahead.
Rangers legend says Celtic have a case of'sour grapes' about their exit from the Scottish cup. brown was involved in a touchline tussle with Roy aitken in 1989. Celtic have written to the sfa seeking 'to understand' how the match officials failed to spot the hand used to block a leigh Griffiths shot.
Stuart McCall says he is already looking at transfer targets for next season. the interim manager still does not know if he will be in charge beyond the current campaign. he has been lured back to his old club to kick-start promotion bid.
John hartson has urged his former club to move on from the latest injustice. he was wrongly disallowed for offside in an old firm league cup final. hartson missed a last-minute penalty that could have sparked extra-time.
the board have held their first meeting with owner Mike Ashley since assuming control at Ibrox. interim chairman Paul Murray and director John Gilligan held talks with Ashley and other members of the sports direct hierarchy on Wednesday. no details of the discussions have been disclosed.
Walter Smith worked closely with ally McCoist and coach Kenny McDowall. the duo assumed the reins at ibrox during four years of turmoil. despite leaving the club under a cloud, Smith says both men have something left to offer in football.
Tim sherwood believes aston villa can stay up with five games to go. villa are currently four points above the relegation zone. sherwood's side take on manchester city on saturday.
Isco returned to the starting xi for the champions league semi-final. but injuries to gareth bale and luka modric saw him drop to the bench. the spaniard admitted he is not happy with life at the bernabeu.
ally McCoist has not been spotted at his old stomping ground since his surprise appearance at last month's general meeting. the 53-year-old was removed from the manager's office back in December as relations with the old board crumbled. former defender John brown insists the club will never turn their back on a man who struck 355 goals in light blue.
Bacary sagna left arsenal for manchester city at the end of last season. the defender has only made 16 appearances for the fourth-placed club. sagna says he would have made the same decision again.
arsene wenger has failed to win in 12 games against jose mourinho. the arsenal boss has drawn five and lost seven of his 12 clashes with the portuguese. but wenger says the past will have no bearing on the game on sunday.
boxer Floyd mayweather is using a cryotherapy bath after training. the bath is cooled to -175f (-115c) using liquid nitrogen. mayweather spends up to three minutes in the chamber.
Mauricio pochettino has blamed spurs' lethargy on the Europa league. the argentine's side have won two of 10 premier league matches kicking off at 12.00, 12.45 or 1.30, collecting nine points out of a possible 30. six of the matches followed Europa league games on Thursday nights, and spurs lost four of those and drew the other two. pochettino dismissed the prospect of goalkeeper hugo Lloris seeking a move
pep guardiola's contract expires at the end of the 2016-16 season. the spaniard has yet to commit his future to the bundesliga giants. former boss Ottmar hitzfeld believes he should replace guardiola.
Pep guardiola will see out his three-year contract at bayern munich. the spaniard has been linked with a move to champions manchester city. club CEO Karl-heinz rummenigge claims guardiola will stay at bayern.
real madrid face barcelona in the champions league final on june 6. the two sides have only met twice this season, both in la liga. a deciding third bout at the Olympiastadion would draw global crowds not witnessed before.
former chairman of the club hopes that the worst is over. he believes that the club can put down the circus tent and become a football club once more. former manager and manager steve mcclaren has urged the club to 'get back to resembling Rangers football club'.
Manny Pacquiao held an open training session at the wild card gym in los angeles on wednesday. the Filipino star addressed gathered media and talked about his upcoming fight with Floyd mayweather. 'boxing is the best sport because it teaches you about life,' he says. 'when this fight is finished I would like us to sit down quietly together to talk,' he says.
Floyd mayweather is down to within three-and-a-half pounds of welterweight limit. mayweather photographed taking the scales for the WBC’s mandatory weight check 30 days before a world title fight. the boxers are required to weigh no more than 10 per cent in excess of the 147 lb welter limit.
Manny Pacquiao takes on Floyd mayweather in a mega-fight on may 2. a personalised speed ball with mayweather's face painted on it was given to him by celebrity lawyer Robert Shapiro on monday. Pacquiao is the underdog for the bout, tipped to gross more than £300m.
Floyd mayweather and manny Pacquiao will fight in the richest-ever boxing fight on may 2. the fight will take place at the mayweather boxing club in las vegas. mayweather is a little more than two weeks away from the fight.
boxer continues mega-fight preparations by taking to the pool. mayweather Jnr completed a few lengths of the pool as trainer looked on. it is less than a month until both boxers meet in Las Vegas for mega-fight.
american boxing fans will have to pay up to $100 (£67.48) to watch the fight. HBO and showtime confirmed the recommended prices for the fight. the fight itself will set viewers back $89.95 (£60.70) however, any HD surcharge up to $10 could be added on by TV providers.
Mayweather and Pacquiao will meet in a £160million mega-fight in may. the fight will take place in the ring at the mgm grand in las vegas. mayweather has released pictures from his training camp. the pictures appear to show him hanging a weight from his head.
Danny welbeck will face a fitness test on the knee injury picked up while on international duty with england. club captain Mikel arteta, full-back Mathieu debuchy, midfielders Abou Diaby and Jack Wilshere all stepped up their rehabilitation in a friendly match on Tuesday. england midfielder Alex Oxlade-chamberlain remains unavailable.
holders sevilla will take on fiorentina for a place in this season's final. the other tie sees Rafael Benitez's Napoli take on dnipro Dnipropetrovsk of Ukraine for a place in the warsaw final on may 27. the draw for the Europa League semi-finals was made on friday morning.
burnley host Tottenham hotspur at turf moor (sunday 1.30pm) defender stephen ward is back in contention for the clash. midfielder matt taylor is also nearing a return after recovering from injury.
manchester city have already met Jurgen Klopp to assess him for the job. but it was back in 2013 when they were seeking a replacement for Roberto mancini. the borussia Dortmund boss will leave the club at the end of this season.
Sam allardyce left his best players out of the starting line-up at chelsea. west ham have been playing relegation football since christmas. allardyce is not the man to take west ham to the Olympic stadium.
'when I watch my dad train, it's inspiring to me,' she said. 'i like watching my dad jump rope because I've never seen anyone jump rope like that before,' she added. 'when dad's not in training camp, the money team doesn't see each other often so when my dad gets back in training camp, we get back to seeing each other'
the 38-year-old boxer took to his shots account to upload a picture inside his private jet. he captioned the photo 'air mayweather'. the orthodox fighter is preparing for the most expensive bout in boxing history on may 2.
Jurgen Klopp is on the radar of a number of top clubs after announcing that he will leave borussia Dortmund at the end of the season. the 47-year-old has long been linked with taking over from arsene wenger. but the frenchman has two years left on his contract.
jurgen Klopp announced he is leaving borussia Dortmund at the end of the season. the 41-year-old has signed a three-year deal at the Westfalenstadion. like Klopp, the 41-year-old carved a name for himself at german club Mainz.
usain bolt visited a gym at the base of Rio de janeiro's mangueira favela. he took three shots on the basketball court and converted all three. the six-time gold-medal sprinter is in brazil to promote an event.
Kenya's athletics federation has suspended two athlete management companies. the companies are the Netherlands' volare sports and italy's Rosa & associati. AK did not make accusations against the companies but said they would be suspended from working in the country for six months.
usain bolt reveals he wants to beat his own 200-metre world record. the Jamaican will compete in the'mano a mano' 100-metre challenge. bolt insists he is almost impossible to beat when he is fully fit.
red is the overwhelming colour across the football league in terms of the party that governs clubs' constituencies. the conservatives trail some way behind, while the lib dems have only seven clubs in constituencies where they hold power. overall, Ed miliband’s party has MPs in constituencies housing 55 of the 92 clubs in the top four divisions. only one club falls into independent hands: Bradford west, which holds Valley Parade, voted respect leader George Galloway as their MP in a 2012 by-
Fulham drew 2-2 with Rotherham in the championship on saturday. kit symons admitted his side were second best in the second half. the manager says the club need to rebuild in the summer.
Tiger woods' club came into contact with a tree root on the ninth hole. the 39-year-old was forced to drop his club and give out a painful yell. the four-time masters champion finished the round at 5-under-par.
Rotherham were sanctioned by the football league for fielding an ineligible player in their 1-0 win over Brighton on Easter Monday. manager Steve Evans expects a decision on a possible points deduction to be made in the next 24 hours. the club have vowed to fight the charge, hiring top QC Jim sturman to defend them, but a three-point deduction is thought to be the likely punishment.
real madrid beat city rivals atletico 1-0 on aggregate in champions league. fans greeted the team coach as they arrived at the Santiago Bernabeu. they lit flares and banged on the windows in support of their team. javier Hernandez scored the winning goal in the 88th minute.
PSG were thrashed 5-1 on aggregate by barcelona in the champions league. coach Laurent blanc says they need more time to reach the top. former sports director Leonardo said the club were ready two years ago.
Newcastle fans have planned a mass protest against owner michael ashley. campaign organisers have asked fans to stand in the 34th minute of the game. but manager garry monk insists it will not affect the actual 90 minutes.
Joe launchbury has been out since October with a nerve problem. wasps lock is hopeful of making his comeback against Leicester on may 9. launchbury's absence has spanned nine missed Tests for the red rose.
the 55-year-old is out of contract this summer and it makes him a man in demand. manchester city, paris st Germain and real madrid are all considering changes as are west ham and Newcastle. the ideal is to return to his comfortable Wirral home overlooking the river dee where his family are settled.
toure's agent dimitri seluk says he wants to talk to manchester city. the 31-year-old midfielder has been linked with a move away from the club. toure earns more than £1m a month at the Etihad stadium.
Jack Wilshere was on the bench for arsenal's match against reading. the 23-year-old has been out for five months through injury. parlour believes his fitness record is holding him back from his potential.
arsenal came out on top globally with 5.68million followers ahead of Chelsea (5.49m) and manchester united (4.87m) in china, the government outlaws twitter as they seek to keep control of information and the media. weibo has an incredible 27.2m premier league fans – just one million short of the total number of premier league fans on the whole of twitter worldwide.
Alexis sanchez joined arsenal from barcelona last summer. the Chilean forward has scored 22 goals in all competitions so far. he has been nominated for the PFA player of the year award.
juve secured a 0-0 draw at the stade louis II on wednesday night. the result means they progressed 1-0 on aggregate to the semi-finals. defender patrice evra believes the italians played the 'italian way'.
Bafetimbi gomis came off in the early stages of last weekend's 1-1 draw with everton. scans have revealed the full extent of the frenchman's injury. the 29-year-old will miss league trips to Leicester and Newcastle and the home game with Stoke but hopes to return for the visit to arsenal on may 11.
the champions league semi-final line-up has been confirmed. real madrid and juve will join barcelona and bayern munich in the last four. the competition is one of the toughest to call in recent memory. click here for all the latest champions league news.
John peacock has named his squad for the UEFA european under-17 championship in Bulgaria. the young lions are the defending champions, having beaten Holland on penalties in the final last year. they have been placed in group d alongside Holland, italy and the republic of Ireland this time around.
investigators have released images of football fans tending to the wounded. they say they may be able to answer questions of victims' families. appeal is 'unusual' as those pictured may be able to answer questions. 96 people died at the 1989 disaster after fans in one section became crushed.
Jordan spieth visited the observation deck of the empire state building. the augusta record-equalling champion was still proudly sporting his green jacket. he became the championship's second-youngest winner of all time.
Jordan Henderson has signed a new long-term contract with liverpool. the midfielder put pen to paper on a deal worth more than £100,000 per week. he is the latest big name in Brendan rodgers' squad to commit his future. rodgers will consider Henderson for the role of club captain after Steven Gerrard moves to la galaxy.
jose mourinho watched the 22-year-old in a 1-1 draw against Rotherham. the chelsea manager believes he could provide back-up to Thibaut courtois.
Bayern host porto in the second leg of their champions league quarter-final. pep guardiola's side lost 3-1 away at porto in the first leg last week. the bavarians lead the league by 12 points and are in the german cup semi-final.
gareth bale has not started eight of real madrid's 50 matches this season. the £86million man has missed out on just eight starts this term. but his team-mates have picked up a 100 per cent win record when he has been away, scoring 25 and conceding just one goal when he has been away. bale's time on the sidelines has coincided with huge matches against Barcelona.
Thiago alcantara scored in Bayern's 6-1 win over porto on tuesday night. the midfielder has been a problem for united since joining from barcelona. without quality in that area, few teams can compete at the elite level.
Southampton have the fourth lowest wage bill in the premier league based on last season's figures. despite being seventh in the league, they are only 16th in the top flight. chelsea are 10 points clear at the top of the table but are only the third-highest payers with £192.7m. bottom-club burnley's wage bill is just £21.5m including £6m in bonuses.
David de gea has been heavily linked with a move to real madrid. the spanish keeper has impressed for louis van gaal's side this season. manchester united have been linked with moves for gareth bale and mats hummels.
Manchester united have put forward an opening £21.5m bid for mats Hummels. the germans value their captain at £35million. but in united's favour he has had a relatively poor season. united also retain an interest in team-mate Ilkay gundogan.
radamel falcao has scored just four league goals for man united this season. chief executive Ed woodward held talks with Monaco on sunday. united would have to pay £43.5m for the striker but they are willing to negotiate.
Rafael may have played his last game for manchester united after he cracked three ribs in an U21 game. the Brazilian right-back is surplus to requirements and will be sold in the summer. the 24-year-old was hurt by a stray knee from Leicester's Anthony Knockaert.
Adam Federici let a tame alexis sanchez strike slip through his grasp. the goalkeeper was left 'inconsolable' after the match. the 30-year-old has issued an apology to reading's fans.
Bayern thrashed porto 6-1 to reach the champions league semi-finals. pep guardiola's side have scored 115 goals so far this season. if they keep up their current rate of 2.61 goals per game, that would mean an eyewatering total of 141 goals.
UEFA have published the regulations for next season's champions league. top-seeded teams in eight groups will be the defending champions league winner plus title holders in the seven highest-ranked countries. arsenal, atletico madrid and porto will drop in status.
manchester united manager louis van gaal has been impressed with michael carrick's contribution to the team this season. van gaal has identified borussia Dortmund's Ilkay gundogan as a prime contender to fill the role. the impending departure of manager jurgen Klopp could see the excellent Dortmund squad unravel this summer.
barcelona beat paris saint-germain 2-0 in the champions league quarter-final. lionel messi and cristiano ronaldo were both on target. sportsmail looks at five things we have learned from the win.
David luiz was at fault for both goals as barcelona beat psg 2-0 on tuesday. former chelsea defender looked 'lost' in the first half, says Roy Keane. 'he doesn't smell danger and the stuff there is literally schoolboy stuff,' says the iTV pundit.
former england footballer has listed a luxury penthouse for £6.75million. he bought it in 2011 for £4.25million after staging a sit-in at estate agents. he blasted proposed mansion tax as 'cheap and easy way to extract money'
west ham are set to move into the Olympic stadium for the start of 2016-17 season. but the journey there has been a tortuous one, fraught with controversy. fresh questions were raised about the award of the 99-year lease. it was suggested the deal may contravene european state aid law.
Bayern thrashed porto 6-1 at the allianz arena on tuesday night. pep guardiola's side are through to the champions league semi-finals. the club's doctor resigned following a 3-1 defeat in portugal last week.
alexis sanchez scored twice as arsenal beat reading 2-1 at wembley. santi cazorla says he is a 'key player' for the gunners in a 'good moment'. the forward is shortlisted for the pfa player of the year.
Adam Federici let a tame alexis sanchez shot slip at wembley on saturday. reading goalkeeper will bounce back against Birmingham on wednesday. manager Steve Clarke has backed the 30-year-old to bounce back.
Bayern beat porto 7-4 on aggregate to reach the champions league semi-finals. pep guardiola said winning is a matter of life and death at bayern munich. the spaniard said it was a matter of life and death at the club.
andres iniesta scored twice as barcelona beat paris saint-germain 2-0. iniesta had failed to register a single assist or goal this season. the 30-year-old responded to critics by saying he 'never went away'.
four-time winner higgins impressed with a 10-5 first-round victory. the 39-year-old fired breaks of 77, 75, 69 and a clinching 106. Graeme dott was a 10-8 winner earlier as he ousted Ricky Walden.
Barry Hawkins beat Matthew Selt 10-9 in the first round of the world snooker championship in Sheffield. the 2013 finalist looked set to ease through to the last 16 after resuming with a 7-2 overnight lead which he extended to 9-4. Selt responded by reeling off five frames in a row to launch a comeback.
west ham are closing in on a deal for Jamaican starlet deshane beckford. the 17-year-old has impressed on trial with the premier league outfit. the club have also received offers from clubs in belgium.
referee Kenny bayless will be the third man in the ring with mayweather and Pacquiao on may 2. bayless will celebrate his 65th birthday two days after supervising the Fight of the Century in the MGM grand garden arena. the Nevada State athletic commission have wisely put their trust in the large physical presence and unflappable personality of bayless.
the green jackets announced a 10 per cent increase in prizemoney for this year's tournament. the winner’s share of the $10million pot worked out at £1.23m in our currency. Ian poulter improved on his previous best finish by shooting a second straight 67 for a share of sixth.
Kenny bayless will referee the fight between mayweather and Pacquiao. the 64-year-old has overseen five of mayweather's previous fights. bayless oversaw the former's pro debut against Roberto apodaca in 1996.
tennis star tied the knot with his wife at Dunblane cathedral on saturday. thousands of fans gathered outside the cathedral to greet the couple. his mother, Judy, arrived just before 4.00pm looking resplendent in a gold dress.
Glenn Roeder is part of a new management team at championship side. former hull chairman Adam Pearson is also part of the new team. dejphon chansiri recently bought the club from Milan Mandaric.
xabi alonso could become only the second player to win the champions league with three different clubs. the spaniard won the trophy in his first season at liverpool in 2005. alonso scored the equaliser during the 3-3 draw against AC Milan.
chelsea, arsenal, manchester city and manchester united have all been knocked out of the champions league. there are 23 current and former premier league players still involved in the top competition. seven have manchester united connections: Cristiano Ronaldo, Patrice evra, Carlos Tevez, Paul pogba, dimitar berbatov, gerard pique, javier hernandez.
Christian Benteke has scored nine goals in his last seven games for villa. the belgian striker has scored three goals in 18 games under paul lambert. sherwood's side have reached the FA cup final after ten games. click here for all the latest aston villa news.
Sam allardyce screamed at fourth official Robert madley during west ham's 2-0 defeat to manchester city on sunday. the hammers boss was incensed that a foul by Eliaquim mangala on Stewart downing was not penalised. referee Anthony Taylor took no action as the ball ran out of play. allardyce later questioned whether downing had paid the price for his honesty instead of taking a fall and earning his team a freek
west ham have won just one of their last 11 premier league games. defender Carl Jenkinson insists the club are determined to bounce back. the 23-year-old believes the remaining five games are not meaningless.
manchester city director of football txiki begiristain is keen for pep guardiola to become their new manager in 2016. guardiola is facing his first Champions league exit prior to the semi-final stages of his coaching career. the 44-year-old has only ever lost ten matches in six seasons as a coach. city boss manuel pellegrini has come under-fire this term.
former world no 1 Martina hingis lost 6-4, 6-0 to world number nine. the 34-year-old fought bravely but could not prevent defeat in the fed cup. hingis was persuaded to play because of injuries in the team.
Memphis depay is a target for both manchester united and liverpool. the 21-year-old has been compared to a young cristiano ronaldo. united boss louis van gaal knows depay from the world cup.
sky and the bbc clashed the premier league and cup semi-finals. the cup game attracted a peak audience of 6.9 million, over treble the 2m rating for the PL game on sky. the FA say the dates of the semi-final were known at the start of the season, while the premier league point to the fixtures for the weekend having been set last February.
Liverpool have been given permission to install a privacy screen at their training ground. the club had grown concerned that confidential team details have been leaked out prior to matches. a 4.5metre fine mesh screen has been proposed to be installed. local residents wanted a designated area for fans to watch training.
Steven Gerrard's final game at anfield will be against crystal palace on may 16. then the curtain will fall at Stoke's Britannia stadium on may 24. he is likely to begin his new career with la galaxy in mid-june.
manchester united lost 1-0 to chelsea at stamford bridge on saturday. louis van gaal revealed he had 11 disappointed faces in the dressing room. there is a growing sense, based on this performance, that the battle lines have been drawn ahead of a proper title race next season.
Eden Hazard has been in superb form for chelsea this season. the winger scored the winner against manchester united on saturday. manager jose mourinho has praised his talent and humility.
Brendan rodgers could see up to 10 of his stars leave anfield this summer. captain Steven Gerrard has already agreed to join MLS side LA galaxy. defenders Glen Johnson and Kolo toure are both out of contract.
Michael conlan was on the verge of pulling out of his must-win bout in the world series of boxing in Venezuela on saturday night. but he opted to fight and claimed a dramatic win to book his place at the 2016 Olympic games alongside team-mate paddy Barnes. both Belfast boxers were in action for the italia thunder franchise.
amir khan has been linked with a fight with manny pacquiao. he has waited and waited for a fight with freddie roach. now he wants to face the'money man' in the united arab emirates. pacquiao is preparing to fight mayweather in vegas on may 2.
Juventus are monitoring liverpool wideman Raheem sterling's situation. manchester city, Chelsea, real madrid, paris st Germain and bayern munich are all among Sterling's admirers. italian champions want at least £55m for midfielder Paul pogba.
aston villa beat liverpool 2-1 in the FA cup semi-final at wembley. villa will face arsenal in the final on may 30 at the emirates stadium. midfielder tom Cleverley has hailed the impact of manager tim sherwood.
Frank lampard should have started more games at manchester city. phil jagielka is five games away from going a complete season without getting a single booking on club duty. tom Cleverley has found a steely edge since Tim sherwood took charge at aston villa.
David moyes gave a 16-year-old striker his professional debut at everton. the pair had a well-publicised falling out following Rooney's departure from goodison park in 2004. moyes fought hard to retain the forward's services at old trafford.
Manny Pacquiao's shorts will carry sponsorship logos worth £1.5m. the fight is said to be worth $300m and then some to those involved. mayweather's cut is to be in excess of £80m from the fight.
aston villa beat liverpool 1-1 in the fa cup semi-final at wembley. Christian Benteke and philippe coutinho scored for the reds. is there enough talent at anfield to prevent mediocrity?.
manchester united lost 1-0 at home to rivals Chelsea on saturday. the red devils enjoyed the better of much of the play at stamford bridge. but louis van gaal and Wayne rooney were unhappy with the result. the united boss described his side's performance as 'excellent'.
Thibaut courtois believes his side will be able to deal with marouane fellaini. manchester united face chelsea at stamford bridge on saturday. fellaini has been in brilliant form for united in recent weeks.
Eden Hazard has been the best player in the premier league all season. he is now the player you look to in a crisis when the team hasn't been at its best. the big change for him in the last 18 months has been in his finishing. he’s not in the top three players in the world at the moment but he’s creeping ever closer.
Eden Hazard opened the scoring for the blues with a low, squirming shot past de gea. the striker scored his 13th premier league goal of the season with a low, squirming shot. raheem sterling equalised for manchester united with a low, squirming shot past de gea. robin van persie doubled the lead for the visitors with a low, squirming shot.
manchester united beat chelsea 1-0 at stamford bridge on saturday. ander Herrera was penalised for diving late on by referee michael dean. jose mourinho reignited talk of a campaign against the blues.
Chelsea beat manchester united 1-0 at stamford bridge on saturday. jose mourinho's side are now within two wins of winning the title. but the manager has warned his players they still have work to do.
Chelsea moved 10 points clear at the top of the premier league after their 1-0 win against manchester united at stamford bridge. but captain John Terry insists there is still work to be done if they are to clinch the title. the blues require two wins from their last six matches to claim the league.
Bournemouth drew 2-2 with Sheffield Wednesday in the championship on saturday. the hosts went from top to third to second to top to second again. they went from unbeaten in 10 before Saturday's kick-off to 2-2 draw.
Paul Scholes co-owns the club with former manchester united team-mates Ryan Giggs, Gary Neville, Phil Neville and Nicky Butt. a draw here at Prescot cables means automatic promotion will become only an outside possibility. with one week to go promotion is well and truly in their hands. win at home to Ossett town on Saturday and they are up.
Radamel falcao has failed to score or have a shot on target for manchester united since joining on a season-long loan from monaco. the striker's £280,000-a-week wages are a massive burden on manager louis van gaal. falcao started in united's 1-0 defeat at Chelsea on saturday but struggled to get involved in the game. the Colombian had a shot blocked by Gary cahill and had another two shots fly wide in the second
andres iniesta made his barcelona debut during the 2002-03 season. the spaniard has praised manager louis van gaal for placing trust in him. iniesta said his first team debut was the'most important day'
Steve Clarke's side were beaten 1-0 by arsenal at wembley on tuesday night. the gunners have been irresistible since they improved at the back. but reading fought back and contributed to a thrilling FA cup semi-final.
all premier league clubs have agreed to pay the living wage from 2016-17. but manchester united have decided to implement the salary a year early. a group of united and city supporters planned to demonstrate at the derby.
manchester united host rivals manchester city at old trafford on sunday. united have lost their last four meetings against city. united captain Wayne Rooney knows it will be a game of pride.
everton defeated burnley 1-0 in their premier league clash at goodison park. Kevin mirallas opened the scoring on his return to the first team. burnley forward Ashley Barnes was sent off on the stroke of half time.
Rotor volgograd, one of Russia's leading clubs in the 1990s, have been wound up after going bankrupt. the team from the volga region of Russia were competing in the second division in the southern zone, which is effectively Russian football's third tier. manchester united drew 0-0 with Rotor in Russia before their elimination from Europe's second tier competition on away goals.
Steven naismith has won the barclays spirit of the game award. the 28-year-old has worked with the likes of job centre plus and the whitechapel centre to help give back to the communities that have supported him throughout his football career. the toffees forward teamed up with job centre plus to offer unemployed fans the opportunity to watch the club at goodison park.
everton host relegation-threatened burnley at goodison park on saturday. burnley currently sit two points above the relegation zone. the clarets have beaten manchester city, drawn against spurs and been narrowly defeated by arsenal in the last month.
Manny Pacquiao takes on Floyd mayweather in a fight in las vegas on may 2. there are a range of t-shirts commemorating the encounter. the cheapest shirt has an 'M' for mayweather above a 'P' for Pacquiao.
everton beat burnley 1-0 at goodison park in the premier league on saturday. Ross barkley missed a penalty despite the presence of leighton baines. baines has scored 15 penalties from 16 attempts in the premier league.
tickets for the fight between mayweather and Pacquiao have yet to go on sale. the two camps and the MGM grand are locked in a stand-off over allotments. when they are finally put on sale, only a few will be sold at the listed price.
Christian benteke has two years left on his contract at aston villa. the 24-year-old has ambitions to play in the european champions league. villa are believed to value the striker at upwards of £25million.
Laura Robson has not played since the 2014 australian open. the 21-year-old has been training in a bid to build up her fitness.
sky sports pundits Jamie redknapp and Thierry Henry go face-to-face. the pair attempt to goad each other into a reaction ahead of fight. but both men collapse into giggles as they struggle to maintain tension.
Steven Gerrard is set to face aston villa in the FA cup semi-final on sunday. if the reds win, Gerrard will sign off his Liverpool career in the final. but Martin Skrtel says he is still one of the best players in the world. 'when you say Liverpool it's always Steven Gerrard. it will be different next season and Liverpool will never be the same,' he said.
Brendan rodgers has urged his side to turn wembley back into 'Anfield south' rodgers is looking to lead Liverpool to an eighth FA cup victory. the 42-year-old believes success this season could pave the way for many more trips to wembley in the future.
'delilah' has become the unofficial club anthem at the Britannia stadium. mark Hughes believes his side are being harshly marked down because of the 1960s song. west ham are top of the premier league fair play table.
barcelona beat paris saint-germain 3-1 in the champions league on wednesday. victory over fourth-placed Valencia will take barca five points clear at the top. title rivals real madrid face malaga in the la liga clash on saturday.
barcelona beat paris saint-germain 3-1 in the champions league quarter final. uruguayan forward scored twice to put barca firmly in control. suarez says he nutmegged defender david luiz twice because it was his quickest way to goal.
Zlatan Ibrahimovic was banned for four games for swearing at referees. he was caught on camera launching into a tirade against official. the striker will now miss three games and dimitri payet one. both clubs successfully appealed to the french Olympic committee.
UEFA's general secretary says there will be no choice but to suspend the Greek football federation if proposed new laws are passed. UEFA and FIFA say that is direct government interference in football. UEFA and FIFA sent a final letter of warning on Wednesday but the Greek government is refusing to back down.
Stephan Lichtsteiner played alongside Eden Hazard at Lille. he feels he is watching 18-year-old Kingsley coman become a special player. 'you could just see that he was an incredible player,' he said.
gareth bale is out of real madrid's champions league quarter-final tie against city rivals atletico on Wednesday night. the 25-year-old suffered a calf injury during their 3-1 win against malaga at the weekend. bale took to facebook on Wednesday to wish his team good luck.
manchester united's under 21 side drew 1-1 at home to leicester city. van persie and Evans both enjoyed gentle re-introductions into the game. van persie helped set up goss' goal but was replaced after the hour.
dmitry rybolovlev's takeover prompted a slew of big-name signings at the club. but the Russian billionaire has tightened the purse strings in recent seasons. coach Leonardo Jardim has been forced to nurture young talent.
Chelsea, arsenal and manchester city were eliminated at the last 16 stage. everton were dumped out of the Europa league in the same round. atletico madrid face real madrid in the champions league on wednesday.
right-back Nathaniel clyne is stalling over a new contract at the club. the 24-year-old is in talks with his representatives over an extension. but it is looking increasingly likely he will reject a new deal at the club.
everton have joined Newcastle, crystal palace and Southampton in expressing interest in qpr striker Charlie Austin. the toffees have made a new striker their priority for the summer. the toffees were among premier league clubs who watched club brugge forward Obbi Oulare on sunday.
Brentford are considering appointing Gianfranco Zola as their new manager. current boss mark warburton is to leave the club next month. the italian was at Griffin park for the draw against bolton on saturday.
QPR face west ham at loftus road on saturday afternoon. former england stopper green has won 12 caps for his country. the 35-year-old made a calamitous error against usa at the 2010 world cup.
Memphis depay has held talks with paris st Germain with permission of his club. manchester united and liverpool are interested in signing the winger. louis van gaal gave depay his international debut for the holland national team.
real madrid beat rivals atletico madrid 1-0 in their champions league clash. javier Hernandez scored a late winner after a neat pass from Cristiano Ronaldo. the on-loan striker celebrated his goal 'like he had just won the world cup'. Thierry Henry has hit out at the striker for celebrating on his own.
Luis suarez admits he was nervous at playing alongside Lionel messi and Neymar when he joined barcelona. but the striker has made a rapid adjustment to life at the nou camp. barca face paris saint-germain in the champions league semi-finals. suarez has scored 19 goals in all competitions for barca this season. click here for more barcelona news.
Thierry Henry took exception to javier Hernandez's celebration after real madrid's champions league quarter-final win against rivals atletico. the former arsenal striker posted an 84-minute video of former barcelona midfielder michaellaudrup's passing, alongside the message: 'that is football. that is #michaellaudrup'.
Amir khan will fight Chris algieri in new york on may 29. the fight will be televised on sky sports. algieri is the reigning world light-welterweight champion.
Manny Pacquiao takes on his father, Floyd mayweather, in the fight of the century on may 2 in Las Vegas. Ricky hatton says Pacquiao has the style to beat mayweather. he also believes having Freddie Roach in his corner gives the PacMan a massive advantage over the money man.
Kell Brook will return to action on a packed pay-per-view show on may 30. the welterweight bout has been added to a card that includes world title challenges for Kevin Mitchell and Lee Selby. 'i never expected to be out again so quickly but I can't wait,' said the 29-year-old.
Mayweather takes on Pacquiao in their $300 million mega-fight on may 2. he believes there has never been a better boxer in the history of the sport. mayweather also criticised the 'rope-a-dope' tactics adopted by Ali.
the 30-second clip was filmed in a los angeles studio on march 11. it shows both fighters walking towards each other and squaring up. the fight is expected to break the pay-per-view record of £102m.
the pair came close to agreeing a big-money bout five years ago but it eventually fell through. the pair will finally go head-to-head in a $300million mega-fight at the MGM grand in Las Vegas on may 2. trainer Freddie Roach believes his man is better equipped to beat mayweather than he was in 2010.
the plug was pulled on the last conference call as the fight continued its bitter way towards a half-billion dollar fortune. Bob Arum, the PacMan’s veteran promoter, ordered an end to the discussion when he realised that many more than the promised tight-knit group of leading sportswriters were jamming the lines. ‘i don’t want Manny tied up for hours like this,’ says Arum.
blackpool chairman Karl oyston has denied five football association charges. he sent a series of abusive text messages to a supporter before christmas. he told him to 'enjoy the rest of your special needs day out'. the chairman still faces a ban from football activities.
BOlton-born fighter took a break from training before finishing off a bottle of milkshake. the 28-year-old then flipped the bottle up and unleashed a flurry of punches. he then delivered a knockout blow with a left hook.
Poland international winger maciej rybus is being followed by three clubs. the 25-year-old has one year left on his current deal and has a get-out clause for £3.2million. he impressed during his country's 1-1 draw with republic of ireland.
inverness defender Josh meekings blocked a goal-bound effort from leigh Griffiths with his hand during the semi-final defeat to celtic. meekings has been retrospectively suspended for one match by the sfa. the defender would have been sent off if he had been sent off.
manchester city will not compromise on quality in search for homegrown players. manuel pellegrini watched academy in youth cup final against chelsea. city need eight homegrown players to meet premier league guidelines.
Gary Johnson got every payer to sign a pledge when he took over.'some signed it and meant it, and some signed it and didn't mean it,' he said. 'when you come to this stage of the season you need everyone to give everything for the cause,' said Johnson.
Mauricio pochettino has questioned the logic of blooding more academy players. Harry Kane, Nabil Bentaleb and Ryan Mason are all products of the youth system at the north london club. but pochettino says he will be cautious in his approach.
Oxford beat Tranmere 3-0 at st mary's to avoid relegation. manager Micky Adams has left the club by'mutual consent'. barnet and bristol rovers will battle it out for automatic promotion.
Micky Adams has left his role as manager of league two side Tranmere. fans called for the manager to leave after their 3-0 defeat by Oxford. assistant manager Alan Rogers and academy manager shaun garnett will take temporary charge of first-team affairs.
Burton Albion secured promotion to league one with 2-1 win at morecambe. fourth-placed bury still able to catch them but third-placed wycombe can not. shrewsbury are just one win away from a return to league one. southend remain in the hunt for automatic promotion.
Steven Gerrard and Frank lampard are to be honoured by the PFA. the pair have won 19 major trophies between them, including two champions league and two UEFA cup/Europa league titles. the pair will be honoured at the footballers' union's annual awards ceremony this weekend.
Elliot kear will return to rugby league's championship with broncos. the 26-year-old winger or full-back spent last season playing rugby union for london Welsh. kear moved to premiership rugby from Bradford at the end of last season.
west ham defender Aaron cresswell has been a consistent performer. the 25-year-old has been a reported target for both Chelsea and man city. but manager Sam allardyce says no club has made an offer for him.
javier Hernandez scored in the 88th minute to send real madrid into the semi-final of the champions league. the striker has been criticised for not immediately running to Cristiano Ronaldo who played the ball to him for the goal. despite starting only seven of the fifty games real madrid have played this season, Hernandez has wriggled his way into the affections of the club's supporters much.
James lockwood has been banned for two years for breaching anti-doping rules. the former dewsbury forward failed a test for growth hormone releasing factors. the 29-year-old was handed the suspension by UK anti-doping.
Rafael benitez has been linked with the managerial job at sampdoria. it has emerged that sinisa mihajlovic is being lined up to replace benitez. but sampdoria president says he would rather keep hold of mihajlovic.
Rafael benitez is out of contract at the end of the season. he has yet to agree a new deal with the serie a side. the spaniard has been linked with a move to manchester city.
Salford assistant coach Ian Watson is poised to come out of his playing retirement at the age of 38 to answer an SOS from the red devils. Watson has stepped up his training ahead of Sunday's home game against castleford. the 38-year-old's last game was as player-coach in the championship for Swinton last June.
three cars were broken into during the match against Hull KR. the championship club are appealing for witnesses.
blaze at Bradford city's valley parade stadium claimed 56 lives in 1985. club chairman at the time, Stafford heginbotham, died in the blaze. fire was started by a man who dropped a lit cigarette down a hole in the stand.
toulon's crusade to win an unprecedented third successive european title nearly stalled at stade Velodrome. the holders of the last Heineken cup face a mammoth task if they are to stop Clermont Auvergne from claiming the inaugural Champions Cup. toulon scored the crucial points while ali Williams was off the field.
a new book claims the fire at Bradford's valley parade stadium was one of at least nine blazes at businesses owned by or associated with the club's then chairman Stafford. popplewell's inquiry concluded that the cause was an accident probably started by a spectator dropping a cigarette into the rubbish that had accumulated under an old timber stand.
new book claims fire at valley parade was just one of at least nine fires at businesses owned by or associated with the club's then chairman Stafford Heginbotham. former sports minister says he knows heginbotham 'flew by the seat of his pants' in terms of the finances of the club.
a fire ripped through the timber main stand at valley parade on may 11, 1985. 56 people died and 265 were injured as a result of the blaze. the 30th anniversary of the tragedy is approaching. a book written by a fan claims the fire was not an accident.
andre ward has not fought since defeating edwin rodriguez in november. the fight will take place in california on the night of the 20th june. negotiations are set to be concluded this week for the fight.
Julio cesar chavez Jr was stopped in nine rounds by andrzej fonfara. former middleweight world champion has said he may retire if that fight does not come to fruition. the 37-year-old super-middleweight has not fought since knocking out George Groves at wembley last may.
manuel pellegrini's future is under scrutiny at the Etihad Stadium. a core group of senior players have backed Patrick vieira to take over. the former arsenal midfielder is highly-respected among the players. vieira's work with the youth team has not gone unnoticed by the squad.
an Icelandic duo has created a snack that is made using cricket flour. called the Jungle Bar it also contains dates, sesame seeds and chocolate. cricket flour is said to be a good source of protein and other nutrients. the duo hopes it will encourage people in the west to eat more insects.
the eerie phenomenon is called an 'earthflow' and is a rare type of landslide. it's a viscous flow of fine-grained materials, such as clay, sand and silt, saturated with water and moves downhill because of the pull of gravity. in the video, snow-covered soil can be seen sliding down the bank at the side of a road, which is thought to run between Novokuznetsk and Bolshaya Talda
Nicholas tooth collapsed after hitting his head on an opponent's shoulder. the 25-year-old was playing for the quirindi Lions against the Narrabri blue boars in mid-north NSW on Saturday. he was airlifted to Newcastle's John Hunter hospital in a critical condition. he passed away late on Sunday at the hospital. tributes have poured in for the young man who was visiting his hometown in the new England region of NSW.
study of 150 college students and staff aged 17 to 25 found they read magazines 'infrequently' but checked facebook every few hours.
a video has emerged showing Galaxy S6 edge bending and shattering under 110lbs (50kg) of pressure. the video was released by third-party warranty firm squareTrade. it also claims the HTC one M9 both deformed and broke at 120lbs (54kg) but Samsung has responded with its own video, demonstrating a three-point bend test on both its galaxy S6 models.
a woman strong-armed a man of his flexing title at a football game on april 12. video of the unidentified woman's robust display at the arena football league game has over 300,000 views on YouTube.
baboons robbed a truck of its snacks at the Ngorongoro conservation area in Tanzania. the 40-second-video was recorded by Haim kaplan and shows the driver trying to scare the baboons away. he is forced to retreat as one lunges at him and another jumps into the back of the truck to search for supplies. before long the monkey re-emerges and carries snacks in both its hands and its mouth.
dermatologist at the Skin Physicians & Surgeons practice in upland, california, is known simply as 'dr pimple popper' the clips have earned her nearly 60,000 subscribers, as well as loyal fan base of zit squeezing enthusiasts on reddit. 'i pop these things, and yeah they kind of make me feel good, they’re satisfying, but it’s not like I seek them out,' she said.
bus monitor Karen huff klein, 71, was tormented by middle schoolers in 2012. she can be seen wiping away her tears in a difficult-to-watch video. now, one of the students involved in the bullying has been accused of forcing a special-needs student to drink urine from a toilet while holding his crotch. the bullying was videotaped and posted on Snapchat.
craze involves having pet pooch shaped into a sphere or a square. the desired effect is a more eye-grabbing and clean-cut look. pictures of doe-eyed dogs with new cuts have proved extremely popular.
president joko widodo has confirmed 'it will only be a matter of time' convicted drug smugglers Andrew Chan and myuran sukumaran are set to face the firing squad alongside eight other death row prisoners. the pair lost their most recent appeal for clemency however three of the other death row prisoners are still awaiting the results of their appeals.
the victim, John lahiff, has spoken out from his hospital bed at cairns base hospital, swearing he will return to the green again. the man in his 70s believes he accidentally stood on a sunbaking crocodile on the 11th hole at the Palmer sea reef golf course. he received puncture wounds on his leg and foot, including one down to the bone.
murodo-daira area of Tateyama experiences one of the heaviest snowfalls in the world. the 65ft high walls are created every year and then melt in the summer. over a million people visit the walls every year, although this dropped to 910,000 last year.
little is known about the origin or history of the ancient town that dates back to the 11th century a.d. residents were forced to flee their homes in the town more than 60 years ago. earthquakes, including one in 1887 that measured 6.7 on the Richter scale, caused severe damage to the town’s infrastructure.
manchester city are four points clear at the top of the premier league. they have a superior goal difference - which equates to five - but are vulnerable. manuel pellegrini's side face a run-in against qpr on saturday.
St Catherine's island, off the coast of pembrokeshire, can only be reached by crossing a beach during low tide. but planners are due to approve a new footbridge, which will stretch more than 328 ft (100 metres) this connector will open up the island from the coast of tenby for the first time. it will provide economic benefit, and also restore the historic building to its former glory.
the bizarre slow motion footage was captured in Santa Barbara, california. pelicans are large water birds that have mainly light-coloured plumage. they travel in flocks and hunt cooperatively, feeding primarily on fish.
Adam prowse, 34, of Torquay, was captured on camera dancing. video shows him exiting his vehicle and gyrating with customer Nichola. he has been dubbed 'happiest postman in the world'
two lads from cambridge created video diary for friends back home. they stayed at 'horrendous' hotel in cyprus for friend's wedding. video shows dirty rooms, broken amenities and swimming pool.
married couple Sean Bagniewski and Vidhya. reddy all appear in on the video announcing Clinton's 2016 bid. they are part of a diverse group of. aspirational citizens chosen to show aspirational citizens as. she looks to speak to wide demographic of voters.
Jack Wilshere was given the opportunity to interview the three-time world cup winner during the launch party of 10Ten talent. the arsenal midfielder was given the 'honour' to do so. the 23-year-old posted several tweets about the event on twitter.
the museum will be dedicated exclusively to the director, who picked the catalan capital for the setting of his Oscar winning film, Vicky Cristina Barcelona. the cultural centre is hoped to be housed in former arts and crafts school, la Llotja, following a refurbishment of the now abandoned building. the museum will join a plethora of other museums dedicated to artists such as Dali and Picasso.
incredible footage was shot at domodedovo airport in russia. other passengers appear more concerned with spotting their luggage.
plane carrying former rugby captain forced to make emergency landing. plane's undercarriage was damaged during the bumpy landing in the Arctic. team were rescued from the remote site by a helicopter. ten-day 100km trek will raise £250,000 for charity.
the dog named Teeny is captured on video sat opposite a dog trainer. the pair hold onto push-up bars with their front paws and hands respectively. looking up at the trainer in excitement, the dog waits for him to say 'one'.
cracking is caused by rapid formation of a gas-filled cavity within a slippery substance called synovial fluid that lubricates the space between the finger bones. knuckle cracks in less than 310 milliseconds and immediately before the popping sound there is a white flash. experiment was made possible by magnetic resonance imaging (MRI) and a study co-author's finger.
a lion got its head stuck in a feeding barrel at a zoo in the netherlands. the animal was trying to beat two other lions to the food at the zoo. zoo keepers place food in barrels to stimulate the lions.
the cafe is based in Moscow and invites cat lovers to bring their pets. those who do not have a cat can rent one for the duration of their visit. customers are allowed to adopt the cats but only after an interview.
parody video follows 'jeff Randl', who travels to'sweden' to compete. scenes show Jeff smoking a 'joint' while travelling up a gondola. he later takes offence to a rainbow-coloured gondola, saying: 'this machine is gay' some viewers said they were offended or didn't find the humour.
Michael carrick has made nine competitive starts for english football. the majority have been ordinary at best and he was dropped for the 2006 world cup quarter-final against Ecuador. under Steve McClaren he started in the disastrous double header of a home draw with Macedonia followed by a 2-0 defeat in Croatia.
Steven Sloan, Michael Niccum and Eugene. dight were on an aluminium rowboat when the encounter occurred. off the west coast of Anderson island, washington. the group believe that the sound of the rope being pulled along the side of the boat is what attracted the pod to them.
the england cricket team's involvement with multi-billion-pound fraudster allen Stanford has been defended by west indies cricket legend Sir curtly ambrose. ambrose was one of the west indies stars who accompanied Stanford when he flew by helicopter to the Lord's nursery ground in 2008 to launch his five-year deal with english cricket. the new ECB president did not want to discuss the Stanford legacy saying it was a long time ago.
england have pulled out of the home nations international under 16 tournament. the move is believed to have been prompted by sky allegedly withdrawing their title sponsorship as well as reducing live coverage and wanting further changes to the format. referee Martin atkinson travelled in business class on return from munich.
the premier league turned down a bid from guinness to replace barclays. the mega-rich clubs have demanded a deal in the region of £60m a year. the PL are awash with over £5billion from domestic TV rights alone.
the ECB are to spread the net far wider than expected in their search for the director of cricket to replace the axed Paul downton. former captains michael Vaughan, Andrew Strauss and alec Stewart have been among the short list of candidates. england manager Roy hodgson is keeping in with his boss, FA chairman Greg Dyke, by launching Roses 2015.
the 27-year-old suffered burns to 65 per cent of her body when she was caught in a bushfire when she competed in an ultra-marathon. she said just the smell from a barbecue brought back the traumatic moment she was trapped for four hours. the motivational speaker also revealed she ran her first marathon last month and clocked a faster time than before she was injured.
abramovich has never spoken in public since buying Chelsea. Granovskaia is a director and arguably the most powerful woman in english football as the club’s transfer and contract negotiator. she is also abramovich’s day-to-day link with his football team.
departing ECB chairman made a fool of himself at the wisden almanack launch. he confronted guest speaker Ehsan mani and sportsmail's Lawrence booth. Clarke was upset that the new ECB regime had just sacked his managing director appointment, Paul downton.
the trend at arsenal has coincided with the agency business being thrown into turmoil by FIFA passing the buck to national associations to officiate on agents from April 1. former england international mark Oxlade-chamberlain is acting as his representative since alex oxlade-chamberlain split from impact sports management.
Jonathan trott has made a nightmare return to the test side 18 months since he quit the ashes tour. it is understood that trott is having regular Skype sessions with sports psychiatrist Steve Peters from the team hotel. the english team under Peter Moores have a more relaxed attitude towards the players’ use of social media.
ECB chairman Colin graves has released very few details of the new director of cricket role for england. former captains Andrew Strauss, michael Vaughan and alec Stewart are among the front-runners for the post. but the work parameters will not appear on the ECB website or that of headhunters sports recruitment international.
batting coach signed form supporting the right-wing party a year ago. but he admits his backing was gained while he was under the influence of alcohol. other big-name cricketers who have been linked with UKIP are sir Ian botham and geoffrey boycott but both deny any association.
QPR are facing fines of up to £50million for financial fair play breaches. Jim rodwell's departure from notts county has created the need for an election for a league one representative. there are two nominations for the vacant seat — rodwell and former manchester united director Maurice watkins, now chairman of barnsley.
sky sports will pay £11millon a game to broadcast premier league football for three years starting in 2016. overlord barney Francis addressed staff this week to present his way forward - ‘Fit for the Future’. this will see the station concentrate on their live rights in every sport while reducing the support programming. those leaving the network are not being automatically replaced.
'i cannot have a squad of 10 men and 10 kids,' says jose mourinho. 'i must have a squad like we have now of 16 or 17 seniors and three or four kids,' he says. 'i cannot have a squad of 10 men and 10 kids. i must have a squad like we have now of 16 or 17 seniors and three or four kids,' he adds.
goal-line technology was hardly something new when Frank lampard’s infamous ‘ghost’ goal against germany in the 2010 world cup finally brought matters to a head. despite initially shrugging off calls for the adoption of goal-line technology to be approved, FIFA relented two years later with the system fully operational last year in Brazil. the lesson for Scottish football fans still bemused by events at Hampden park on Sunday is perhaps only when such an outrage occurs in the World cup in three years’
louis van gaal has identified michael carrick and Wayne Rooney as his most bright players. van gaal said too many players at united aren’t very bright. but the dutchman can trust these players, despite their age. van gaal set up a separate training regime for Luke Shaw last summer.
Celtic lost 1-0 to inverness in the scottish cup semi-final on sunday. left back Emilio Izaguirre has called on team-mates to focus on winning the league. Celtic travel to dens park to face a dangerous Dundee side.
sterling's agent has been accused of giving him bad advice. agent told him to turn down contract offer and focus on football. sterling has been linked with a move to arsenal.
Peter Moores forced to defend his captain with alastair cook badly needing runs and wins in the last two tests of the series. england’s failure to win the first test and cook’s failure in both innings leaves the captain in the spotlight. ‘i’ve known lots of people in sport and, in terms of character, cook is one of the strongest,’ said Moores.
arsenal have won 15 of 17 games since new year's day. the gunners are 13 points behind leaders chelsea in the premier league. arsene wenger's side have lost just two of those games.
Celtic were beaten 3-2 by inverness in the Scottish cup semi-final on sunday. hoops were left outraged by referee's failure to award a penalty or red card for a clear handball in the box by Josh meekings. leigh Griffiths had a goal-bound shot blocked by meekings in the first-half.
inverness defender Gary Warren will miss the Scottish cup final on may 30. the 30-year-old picked up his second booking of the competition on sunday. he says the threshold should be raised or all cards should be wiped out.
alastair cook says the whole dressing room has a bit of a downer on. the tourists could only muster five of the eight wickets they needed. 'i think you could start another test match again on that wicket and it would last another five days,' says cook.
Michael carrick signed for manchester united in 2006 for £18million. he has played in 377 matches for united in his nine seasons at the club. but he has been consistently overlooked by english managers. carrick has a 100 per cent record at the world cup, but has never played a meaningful competitive game for his country.
Jack Grealish made his debut for aston villa against queens park rangers. the 19-year-old played a part in Christian Benteke's equaliser. he then set up a goal for aston villa's winner against the reds.
aston villa beat liverpool 2-1 in the fa cup fourth round on saturday. the result means they will face arsenal in the final at wembley next month. captain fabian delph says it will be the highlight of his career. the 25-year-old says manager tim sherwood deserves a lot of credit.
Brendan rodgers has reminded Raheem sterling and Jordon Ibe about their professional responsibilities. sterling was exposed for inhaling the legal high nitrous oxide. pictures emerged of the pair with shisha pipes 24 hours later.
west indies captain denesh ramdin edged him to his great friend alastair cook at slip. england had set themselves a vast target in this first Test in antigua. it was meant to be the story of Jimmy Anderson breaking the wicket-taking record and bowling England to victory in his 100th test. but Jason Holder repelled everything that Anderson and co could hurl at him to make his maiden test century at no 8.
Barcelona beat paris saint-germain 3-1 in their champions league quarter-final. goals from Neymar and a double from uruguay ensured victory. sportsmail rates the players in the first leg at the parc des princes.
liverpool were knocked out of the FA cup semi-final by aston villa. the score was 2-1 with just five minutes left on the clock at wembley. reds striker Mario balotelli had the ball in the net only to see the linesman unfairly flag for offside.
english clubs have not reached the last eight of the champions league. germany and italy are performing significantly better this season. a repeat of this season would see them overtake english in third place. if italian clubs fail to reach finals, italy will be within 0.1 points of england.
Diego Costa injured his hamstring in the 2-1 win over Stoke city on April 4. the 19-goal striker was expected to be out for a month. but his recovery has been quicker than expected and he will return to training next week.
chelsea host manchester united at stamford bridge on saturday. blues have won four games in a row in which angel di mari has not started. di maria has scored just once since being sent off against arsenal in the FA cup. united have won four on the spin in which di mari has not started.
Jose mourinho believes manchester united will not be weakened by injury. united boss louis van gaal is without a number of key players. but mourinho believes his side have an 'amazing' squad. click here for all the latest manchester united news.
Jurgen Klopp will officially step down as borussia Dortmund manager. the 47-year-old will seek a new challenge with a move to the premier league likely. an emotional Klopp said he believed Dortmund needed a change of manager.
west ham signed left back Aaron cresswell for £2million from ipswich last summer. the 25-year-old has impressed during his first season in the premier league. manchester city are desperate to add to their quota of english players.
Wayne rooney may have to revert to a holding midfield role against Chelsea. michael carrick and daley blind are two of four players ruled out. centre-backs Phil Jones and marcos rojo will also miss the trip. van gaal says it is the 'worst scenario' with jonny evans suspended.
Nico Rosberg responded to a fan who accused him of 'crying'. the german was a few seconds behind Hamilton when he slowed down. but why didn't he push on and pass his team-mate instead? 'I tried to attack Lewis in the first stint, and it just didn't work,' said Rosberg.
manchester united beat manchester city 4-2 at old trafford last week. in his last five games, the midfielder has performed better than he ever has. if united beat chelsea at stamford bridge they will be five points behind leaders chelsea. louis van gaal is finally getting the best out of his midfielder.
Joel ward has signed a new three-and-a-half year deal at crystal palace. the 25-year-old has impressed at both left and right back this season. he has made 35 appearances in all competitions for the south London club.
Edinson cavani faces barcelona in the champions league quarter-final. the uruguayan striker is known as the'matador' and knows the spotlight will be on him. cavani has endured a significant goal drought for one of his talent. between February 17 and April 5, cavani went seven matches without scoring.
Lewis Hamilton claimed his second win of the season at the china grand prix. but his team-mate Nico Rosberg was furious with his strategy. he accused him of compromising his race and leaving him under unnecessary pressure from Ferrari's Sebastian Vettel.
Cesc Fabregas scored a late winner for jose mourinho's side. the masked raider made his way into the penalty area undetected. it was the second heist at loftus road in a week. mourinho's side are seven points clear at the top of the premier league.
Mercedes non-executive chairman niki Lauda is expecting Nico Rosberg to turn 'nasty' at some stage. the german accused his team-mate Lewis Hamilton of being 'egocentric b*******'. the german claimed a one-two finish at the Shanghai international circuit.
Renault suffered two blown engines in the chinese grand prix. red bull's benefactor dietrich matschitz threatened to pull out of formula one unless the french manufacturer raised their game. managing director Cyril abiteboul has vowed there will be 'no surrender'
manuel pellegrini's team are on incentivised contracts to stay within financial fairplay rules. the top three finishers in the premier league qualify automatically for the champions league. the fourth-placed team must win a qualifying round to join them. manuel pellegrini's side lost to rivals manchester united in the derby.
Cesc Fabregas wore a special protective face mask against QPR. the spaniard scored the winning goal with just two minutes to go. the former barcelona star broke his nose during win over Stoke city. sportsmail exclusively revealed the shield Fabregas would wear at loftus road.
Vincent Kompany says his mum stopped him moving to manchester united when he was just 17-years-old. the belgian international was subject of an inquiry from sir alex Ferguson when he was breaking through the ranks at anderlecht. he eventually sealed a move to the premier league in 2008.
former australia captain richie benaud has died at the age of 84. prime minister tony abbott has offered his family a state funeral. benaud was the voice of cricket for generations, commentating for the bbc and in his native australia.
richie benaud has died at the age of 84 after a battle with skin cancer. he was one of cricket's great personalities and will be remembered for his dry wit and knowledge. he penned a regular column for the news of the world.
manchester united beat city 1-0 in the'mini-derby' at altrincham. callum gribbin scored the winner with a delightful free-kick. ten of the 22 players on show at kick-off were english.
Jacques Burger received a one-week ban for striking racing metro scrum-half Maxime Machenaud during last weekend's Champions cup quarter-final victory in paris. the Namibia flanker will miss Saracens' Aviva premiership appointment with play-off rivals Leicester at allianz park on Saturday.
richie benaud was commentating for the bbc and in his native australia. the 84-year-old had been receiving treatment for skin cancer since last year. he was a daring captain and captained australia to world dominance in the 1950s.
richie benaud has passed away at the age of 84 after a short battle with skin cancer. the commentator was one of cricket's great personalities. here, sportsmail recounts 10 of his finest moments from his broadcasting career.
Elliot daly has been named the Aviva premiership's player of the month. the 22-year-old scored two tries for wasps in the month of march. he looks set to be called into the england training squad for the world cup.
james faulkner was named man of the match in australia's win over new zealand. the all-rounder will join up with the county side after his ipl commitments. he will replace compatriot Peter siddle, who will join the australia squad.
Michael Vaughan has spoken to the ECB about becoming director of english cricket. the 2005 ashes winning captain is the hot favourite on the three-man shortlist compiled by the governing body at Thursday's management board meeting. he spoke with new ECB chief executive Tom Harrison for an hour.
toby alderweireld joined on loan from atletico madrid last summer. the 26-year-old has been in superb form for the south coast club. alderweireld has attracted interest from the likes of manchester city.
Owen Farrell hopes to be fit for european champions cup semi-final. the fly-half has been sidelined since suffering a knee ligament injury against the same opponents in the champions cup in January. he missed the entire RBS 6 nations campaign because of the injury.
Kevin pietersen has been named in Surrey's 13-man squad for the three-day warm-up against an Oxford university side at the parks. the 34-year-old has not played a first-class match since being axed by england following the humiliating ashes whitewash defeat last year. pietersen has thrown his support behind former team-mate michael Vaughan as the right man to 'change the brand of cricket currently being played' in engl
former australia captain and broadcaster richie benaud has died aged 84. former leg spinner Shane warne paid tribute to his mentor on instagram. 'i will cherish our entertaining dinners & all the fun times we shared,' he wrote.
at just 21 years and 251 days, the striker led out his side for the first time. that came after he scored within seconds of his english debut against Lithuania. it has been a fairytale season for the 30-goal striker.
the semi-final between real madrid and juve has been likened to a film. italian media pin hopes on former manchester city striker Carlos Tevez. spanish media are holding out for an all-spanish champions league final.
Turkish airlines flight from Milan to Istanbul aborted a first attempt to land. the right-hand side landing gear collapsed, forcing the pilot to abort. the plane then made an emergency landing at ataturk airport. the 97 passengers on board were evacuated safely.
gareth Barry has advised his everton team-mate not to move to man city. the 21-year-old has been linked with a move to the premier league champions. 'he's still learning the game. he's got the right manager here to push him to the next level,' said the veteran midfielder.
the blue-eyed, australian doctor who's been hailed the 'new face' of the latest Islamic state propaganda videos has been identified as Tareq kamleh. the video of kamleh, who refers to himself as Abu Yusuf, showed him handling babies in a maternity ward while wearing western-style blue surgical scrubs and a stethoscope. 'he was a pretty normal guy, he didn't have any IS related interests,'
Tito Vilanova died aged 45 on April 25 last year after a long battle with parotid gland cancer. he was pep guardiola's assistant during a golden spell for the club. hundreds attended a memorial service at Barcelona cathedral to pay tribute.
xherdan shaqiri joined inter from bayern munich in the January transfer window. the 23-year-old has been dropped to the bench by manager Roberto mancini. it has been suggested that inter are looking to offload the attacking midfielder.
head coach carver said before the game he had a secret motivational tactic up his sleeve but it didn't work. 'the performance hurts more than the result. we were second best. it's a funny thing pressure, some players can handle it and some can't. some of ours perhaps can't after losing five in a row,' said head coach carver. 'i said before the game that no side of mine would be criticised for not working hard
five-time world snooker champion would 'love' to be presenter of the show. he has appeared as a guest on the show in the past. o'Sullivan is searching for his sixth world title at the Crucible.
winger believes united will be challenging for the title next season. 29-year-old has played a prominent role under new boss louis van gaal. united currently sit third in the premier league, 11 points behind leaders chelsea.
David Cameron said he was a west ham fan, despite supporting aston villa. he previously said he was a fan of claret and blue teams. tory leader has since apologised, blaming a bout of 'brain fade'
Diego Costa has not featured for Chelsea since going off against Stoke on April 4. the spanish striker is not in a condition to play at the Emirates on sunday. didier drogba is the only senior striker available for the blues.
sunderland winger charged with grooming and sexual activity with a 15-year-old girl. the 27-year-old faces a lengthy jail term if he is convicted. he was arrested on march 2 at his six-bedroom, £1.9million home in castle Eden, near hartlepool.
stars of women's tennis put on their glad rags to attend opening ceremony. maria shrapova, ana ivanovic, Caroline wozniacki, Sabine lisicki, and angelique kerber posed for pictures. world no 1 serena williams was the highest profile absentee from the event.
Smita Srivastava currently holds the record for having the longest hair in india. her hair now stands at 7ft (2.1m) - more than three inches longer than the height of the average basketball player. the 37-year-old has won several awards for the extreme length of her hair.
firefighters, police and ambulance crews worked to free the boy. it is believed the rubber drain cover had been kicked out of position. the boy, a pupil at Stanground academy, was trapped for more than half an hour.
the 12th annual match against poverty took place in the french city of saint-etienne on monday night. footballing legends Ronaldo and zidane were joined by a host of former greats including clarence seedorf, jay-jay okocha and gianluca zambrotta. former french international David trezeguet also played and scored in the match at the geoffroy-guichard stadium.
Jack Grealish will decide his international future at the end of the season. the 19-year-old has met with both the republic of ireland and the three lions. the situation is described as 50/50 at this stage.
Ann price, the creator of the world famous 'Ghetto Burger,' has passed away at the age of 72. Price was known for her no-swearing policy and care in cooking up every plate of burger and fries herself.
Eugenie Bouchard refused to shake hands with opponent at the weekend. the 21-year-old lost both her singles matches to world no 69 Alexandra Dulgheru. the world no 7 was mocked at home and abroad over the handshake controversy.
Chelsea winger Eden Hazard is poised to win PFA player of the year. but former manchester united right-back says he is not as ruthless. 'he needs to bully defenders more, become a killer, somebody who gives full-backs nightmares before they play against him,' says Gary.
Liverpool's sponsorship deal with standard Chartered bank has been extended. the deal will now run through to the end of the 2018-19 season. this is the fifth season the company's logo has appeared on the team's shirts.
chelsea drew 0-0 with arsenal at the emirates stadium on saturday. the result takes the gunners a step closer to the premier league title. jose mourinho's side were lucky not to concede a penalty.
west ham will have the cheapest pricing strategy in the premier league. the club will move to the Olympic stadium for the 2016-17 season. the lowest priced basic adult season ticket will cost £289. the price for under 16s will be cut to just £99. a family of four will be able to watch all 19 home games for £776.
Lewis Hamilton's younger sibling Nicolas suffers from cerebral palsy. he is preparing to become the first disabled competitor to compete in the British touring car championship, for Audi, starting in June. the 30-year-old's next race is the spanish grand prix on may 10.
Mayweather and Pacquiao are less than two weeks away from facing each other in the richest fight in history. the pair made sure they spent time with those closest to them over the weekend. Pacquiao was joined in los angeles by his ever-expanding family; wife Jinkee and their five children.
Jack Grealish put in a dazzling performance as aston villa beat liverpool 2-1 in an FA cup semi-final at wembley on sunday. the 19-year-old wears his socks rolled down to show he is unafraid of taking ferocious hits. as a 15-year-old he watched a sky sports special dedicated to man united legend George best dribbling through a forest of tackles to score.
Wayne rooney, David de gea and michael carrick visited sick supporters. the visit was part of the Manchester united foundation's 'dream day' van gaal and his players also signed memorabilia for the fans.
the five-time world champion was spoken to by referee Olivier Marteel. he warned him about his behaviour during their second round match. o'Sullivan fired two rapid centuries in establishing a 12-4 lead. he needed just one more in the closing session to reach the quarter-finals.
the video, allegedly shot near the capital of. Sanaa, shows some 20 men wearing desert camouflage. uniforms carry out a carefully choreographed rifle routine in the sand. the 'establishing' of an ISIS-related group in Yemen comes after months of conflict.
basketballer abby bishop was just 24 when she took in her niece. it was august 2013 and Bishop suddenly found herself caring for a newborn. now Zala is 20 months old and follows Bishop as she travels the world. the 26-year-old said it was a big decision at the time but she wouldn't change anything.
javier Hernandez scored twice as real madrid beat celta vigo 4-2 on sunday. the on-loan manchester united striker has now scored six goals in eight games. he has scored a goal every 83 minutes, two minutes short of lionel messi. ancelotti: 'if chicharito is in this form he's non-negotiable'
Andrea Pirlo scored a stunning free-kick for juve against torino. it was the first time the two sides had met in the Serie a derby in 20 years. despite the defeat, Juve remain 14 points clear at the top of the table.
former two-weight world champion stopped by officials on arrival at airport. accused of fraud by writing cheque as payment for a new property. the cheque, worth 1.8m dirham, was intended as final payment on property. boxer has been unable to leave the united arab emirates.
six players from the blues named in the pfa premier league team of the year. the entire back four started the season as blues players. jose mourinho's side are on the brink of a first title since 2010.
daley blind was given a large self-portrait as a late birthday present. the 25-year-old's father is former holland international Danny blind. the versatile blind posted a picture of the painting on his Instagram.
arsenal are third in the premier league, level on points with manchester city but with a game in hand. arsene wenger insists it matters not a jot that he is winless in 13 games. the gunners have signed a number of players including emre can and thibaut courtois.
a host of international footballers took to social media on thursday. england's national saint's day falls on april 23.
five-time world champion was forced into borrowing a pair of shoes. but he still socked it to debutant Craig Steadman at the world championship. the 39-year-old claimed he was in discomfort due to an ankle injury.
manchester united lost 3-0 to everton at goodison park on sunday. goals from James McCarthy, John stones and Kevin mirallas condemned red devils to their third successive premier league defeat. louis van gaal accused his players of lacking desire. Gary Neville said it was their worst performance for five or six weeks.
plus-size model launches eco-friendly swimwear collection. made from 100 per cent recycled material. inspired by coral reef scenes. sizes range from 10 through to 24.
manchester united were beaten 3-0 by everton at goodison park on saturday. louis van gaal said his players could not match the commitment of the toffees. van gaal fears the defeat has allowed Liverpool to apply pressure on united.
Periscope allows users to broadcast live video to their social media followers. the video is then available for replay for up to 24 hours. in the us, viewers are being charged between $89.99 (£59) and $99.99 (£66) in the uk, sky is offering the fight for £19.99.
Chelsea drew 0-0 with arsenal in their premier league clash on sunday. arsene wenger said the blues 'came to defend' after the final whistle. but manager jose mourinho hit back, branding the wait 'boring'. he said:'maybe they weren't singing to us. maybe, when you want to win a game and you're at home and you take your chances, maybe they weren't singing to us'
Franck ribery, mehdi benatia, David alaba and arjen robben all injured. pep guardiola's side were 3-1 down at half-time against porto. the german giants raced into a 5-0 lead before claiming a 6-1 victory.
real madrid beat rivals atletico 2-0 in their champions league quarter-final. but before the game Cristiano Ronaldo showed his compassionate side. the 30-year-old lifted off his training shirt for a young supporter. the youngster was overcome with emotion at the kind gesture.
argentine journalist Jorge 'El topo' Lopez died in a suspicious road accident. UEFA have charged pep guardiola for wearing a t-shirt in a press conference. the t-shirt read '#justiciaparatopo' and appeared to support a campaign to investigate Lopez’s death.
louis van gaal says that Wayne rooney suffered a knee injury during the defeat by everton at goodison park on sunday. the england international was replaced by Robin van persie in the closing stages of the game and was seen receiving treatment on the bench. the defeat leaves united fourth in the race for automatic champions league qualification.
Harry Kane has been in superb form for Tottenham this season. the striker has scored 20 premier league goals for the club. he was also shortlisted for the PFA player of the year award.
Alex Oxlade-chamberlain and Gary cahill took part in a crossbar challenge. the footballers took on their rugby counterparts at a training session. the challenge was to commemorate the day of st george's day.
Oscar collided with David Ospina in the 16th minute at the Emirates. he was taken off at half time but referee Michael Oliver didn't award a penalty. didier drogba replaced the brazilian midfielder at the break. tv pundits Jamie carragher, graeme souness and Thierry Henry agree.
Chris Hala'ufia was sent off for a brutal attack on Laurence pearce. the tonga number eight halted pearce in his tracks with a shoulder charge. he then shoved pearce's head into the turf, earning him a red card. Hala'ufia was warned in the past over his ill-discipline.
the emerald green, diamond encrusted belt was unveiled by world boxing council president Mauricio sulaiman. former world heavyweight champion Larry Holmes and current WBC light heavyweight champion adonis Stevenson were on hand. boxing fans worldwide voted for the traditional emerald green belt, which will be handed to the winner of the fight of the century on may 2.
Cesc Fabregas left arsenal for barcelona in 2011. his image still adorns the Ken friar bridge at the Emirates. Claude callegari insists the flag should be taken down.
english golfer Ian poulter has used acupuncture to aid his recovery. the 39-year-old posted an Instagram picture of eight needles in his neck. poulter finished tied sixth at the us masters with a score of 67.
angelique kerber beat Caroline wozniacki 3-6, 6-1, 7-5 in the final in Stuttgart. the german came from a set down to win her second title of the season. wozniacki saved three match points before the 27-year-old german kept her cool.
the 27-year-old jockey bared his bum in the opening race of a meeting in australia. the elastic in his pants gave way as he attempted to ride miss royale to victory. he was forced to ride more than 200 metres to the finish line with his pants down.
pranksters called themselves the 'c-team' and wore masks to hide identities. the four practical jokers set off blue smoke bombs and covered the sign. the pranksters' hard work lasted just 10 minutes before being taken down.
Bayern Munich beat porto 6-1 at the allianz arena on tuesday night. pep guardiola managed to rip a hole in his trousers during the match. the former barcelona boss's underwear was on show after the match.
the man, known only as 'jason', uploaded the clip to YouTube. his wife filmed the stomach-churning moment of popping the cyst. his sister-in-law hammers the needle deeper into the growth with a screwdriver.
former world no 1 gave former basketball star a golfing lesson. the pair met up at Nike's headquarters in Shanghai, china. woods has played just three tournaments so far this year.
didier drogba's charity ball raised £400,000 for his foundation. the money will be used to open a medical clinic in the ivory coast. drogba celebrated playing his part in Chelsea's 1-0 win over manchester united. the striker was joined on stage by popstar Christina milian.
George Groves will fight Badou Jack for the WBC world super-middleweight title. the 27-year-old bet that the Swede would beat Anthony dirrell on points. despite the unlikely odds, Groves correctly predicted a shock was on the cards.
just 11 points separate leaders ES setif and bottom-placed NA Hussein dey. a bad run for any of the teams in the top half could yet condemn them to relegation, while a series of wins for those near the bottom could yet propel them to glory. the top two teams qualify for next year's CAF Champions League, while the team in third make the CAF confederation cup.
Daniel staurridge missed five months with calf and thigh injuries. he is now battling to overcome a hip problem that was sustained in the 2-1 defeat to manchester united on march 22. the 25-year-old will miss Liverpool's trip to face Hull city on Tuesday night.
Romeo, 12, ran the three-mile mini-marathon on sunday in london. his family were there to cheer him on as he completed the race. he raised £6,000 for charity and posed for pictures at the finish line.
Steven Gerrard's time at liverpool will now end in anti-climax. chances are that he will say his farewells via a series of short cameos, many of them as a substitute. by the time the FA cup final rolls around next month his thoughts will already have turned to a new life in california. Brendan rodgers said after his team’s defeat that Gerrard had been excellent.
Jose mourinho watched his former club lose to porto under 21s on Wednesday. he was joined by his son, who is on student terms at the cottagers. a leandro Silva hat-trick earned porto a 3-0 win over Fulham under 21s.
edinson cavani has struggled in the shadow of zlatan ibrahimovic. the striker lost 2-0 to barcelona at the camp nou on tuesday night. the 28-year-old put on his cardigan and headed to a local zoo.
Memphis depay has been linked with a move to the premier league. the 21-year-old scored 21 goals in the eredivise this season. liverpool have been given permission to hold talks with depay.
boxer invited compatriot Adrien broner for a feast at his mansion. mayweather is preparing for his $300million mega-fight against Manny Pacquiao. chef Q, also known as quiana Jefferies, has been cooking for the boxer since his fight was announced.
chelsea drew 0-0 with arsenal at the emirates on tuesday night. blues captain John Terry has defended his side's recent tactics. the england captain said they will not win the league playing 'tippy-tappy football'
Steven Thompson threw a pole at team-mate John McGinn in training last week. the pole stabbed McGinn in the leg and he will miss the rest of the season. the incident happened during a dribbling drill at saints' training ground.
the 41-year-old set the world record of 2:15.25 in the London marathon in 2003. a time of 2:36.55 in her final competitive marathon is not to be sniffed at for a 41-year-old with a left foot as flexible as a rod of iron. she described herself as ‘unfit and unprepared’ for the race.
Klopp has confirmed he will leave borussia Dortmund in the summer. bayern munich legend Beckenbauer believes he could succeed guardiola. guardiola has a contract until the summer of 2016 at the allianz arena.
everton defeated manchester united 3-0 at goodison park on saturday. the result was louis van gaal's biggest defeat as united manager. van gaal's side have failed to win any of their last nine premier league games.
Thomas muller scored the fourth goal of Bayern's 6-1 demolition of porto in the second leg of the champions league quarter-final. it was the 25-year-old's 27th goal in the competition, taking him past former team-mate mario gomez. it was also the highest-scoring german since the tournament took shape in 1992.
the MGM grand will host the biggest boxing contest ever on saturday night. 50,000 people each day are expected to pass through the hotel. a convoy of trucks is already delivering the first consignments of half a million bottles of Budweiser, Miller Lite, Corona and Tecate.
Liverpool fans are unhappy at being charged £50 to go to the KC stadium. last season, the same seats were sold for £35 at the stadium. fans are planning a protest against the rising cost of tickets. manager Brendan rodgers says he respects the fans' right to protest.
the new Avengers: age of ultron movie premiered at westfield london shopping centre on tuesday night. england flanker james haskell posted a photo dressed as the character. haskell returned to the club where he started his career for the 2012 season.
the 26-year-old suffered torn ligaments in his left knee during west ham's 0-0 draw with Southampton on saturday. the striker will not be available for the rest of the season.
Floyd mayweather and boxer Manny Pacquiao have been rubbing shoulders with the rich and famous. carey has long been a fan of mayweather having attended his fight against Shane Mosley in 2010. meanwhile, Pacquiao made his latest appearance on Jimmy Kimmel live.
Sergio aguero and Marco reus went head-to-head to help launch new boot. the evoSPEED 1.3 Graphic took inspiration from the Japanese dragon. aguero praised his opponent for giving him a tough game on the pitch.
Rory McIlroy met Brad Dalke at a junior event in south carolina. the world no 1 agreed to an arm wrestle with the 17-year-old. 'look at this... no chance,' McIlroy joked as he poked Dalke's arm.
javier Hernandez scored twice as real madrid beat celta vigo 4-2 on sunday. the striker has now scored six goals in eight starts for real madrid. he is currently scoring a goal every 83 minutes at the Bernabeu. the 26-year-old has a scoring ratio that is only two minutes short of barcelona's lionel messi.
John Terry has made an appearance in each of Chelsea's 33 games so far. the 34-year-old has played 2,970 minutes this season for the blues. if he manages to make appearances against Leicester, crystal palace, liverpool, west brom and sunderland, he will beat the 37 appearances he made during his side's last title-winning season in 2009-10.
Wladimir Klitschko beat Bryant jennings at Madison square garden on saturday. it was the champion's first fight in the united states since 2008. the unified heavyweight champion says he is ready to defend his belts in england.
chelsea drew 0-0 with arsenal at the emirates on saturday afternoon. the blues' defence dominated from start to finish at the etihad stadium. sportsmail takes a look at the best defences in premier league history.
Kei Nishikori beat Pablo andujar 6-4 6-4 in the final of the barcelona open. it was the ninth career title for the top-seeded japanese star. pop star shakira and husband Gerard pique were in the stands.
Thierry Henry believes arsenal need to buy four top players in the summer. he believes they need a goalkeeper, centre back, defensive midfielder and striker if they are to win the premier league again. the frenchman also hit out at fellow countryman Olivier Giroud.
Schumacher Junior is part of the van amersfoort racing team in the 2015 ADAC Formula 4 series. his debut in single-seater racing gets underway at the Motorsport Arena Oschersleben. he will start 19th in the 38-car grid in Saturday's first race, and will take part in two more races on Sunday.
bafetimbi gomis suffered a grade two hamstring injury against everton. the striker has been spending time with his family in france. the 29-year-old hopes to return for the visit of arsenal on may 11.
real madrid beat celta 4-2 in their la liga clash in baliados on sunday. javier Hernandez scored twice to keep real two points behind leaders barcelona. the former manchester united loanee has now scored six goals in eight starts.
online and front-end retailers seeing record sales of Pacquiao paraphernalia. buyers stocking up on items they believe could at least double in value. prices of Pacquiao-autographed boxing gloves have also risen 50 per cent.
Chelsea have had six players named in the pfa premier league best xi. but they still have some way to go to catch up with leaders manchester united. Eden Hazard, Diego Costa, John Terry, Gary cahill, Nemanja Matic and Branislav Ivanovic feature in this year's team. the belgian winger has featured in the team every season since 2009.
the usa women's soccer team have unveiled their new kits for the world cup hosted by canada in June. the strips, produced by sportswear giants Nike, have caused a bit of stir across the pond, because of the decision to go with a black and white colour scheme. striker Alex Morgan hailed the design as innovative.
the pfa premier league team of the year was unveiled on sunday night. the team is voted for by players from across the 20 clubs in england's top flight. the EA sports team sees two fewer Chelsea players in the line-up. arsenal's santi cazorla and everton's phil jagielka make the team.
Ivan Rakitic posted a picture on his 425,000 Instagram followers. the midfielder celebrated with his wife and daughter on st george's day. his wife, Raquel mauri, also posted a picture of their celebrations.
louis van gaal was greeted by a group of supporters with life-limiting illnesses at the biannual manchester foundation dream day. a supporter handed him a list of players he thinks he should sign. van gaal reads out the names of mats hummels, gareth bale, paul pogba, michael owen, michael owen, michael owen and michael carrick.
Jose mourinho started without a striker against arsenal on saturday. didier drogba was left on the bench until the start of the second half. the decision was a tactical masterclass for the blues. mourinho is staying true to the game because the end result is a fourth barclays premier league title for this football club.
research by the mail on Sunday shows just how much the oil-rich middle east state spent on deals — including legitimate trade deals. much of this outlay was on goods and services for Qatar — including aerospace orders, a football club, sponsorship agreements, land and general exposure.
mondrian dress, £220, josephribkoff.com. Suede courts, £195, lkbennett.com. handbag, £395, luluguinness.com.
Manny Pacquiao has appeared in a new advert for foot lockerer. the boxer joked in an advert back in November about fighting mayweather. tickets for the highly-anticipated encounter sold out within 60 seconds.
manchester united have been linked with a move for edinson cavani. the 28-year-old has struggled in the french league this season. louis van gaal prefers to work with younger players.
the new england patriots visited the white house on thursday. but there was one notable absence with quarterback tom Brady nowhere to be seen. a spokesman for the patriots said 'prior family commitments' were the reason why the 30-year-old didn't attend.
the apple watch sport has an Ion-x glass display which is supposed to be'resistant to scratches and impact' in a video, techrex drops the 42mm timepiece from a height of just under four feet (1.2 metres) to simulate what may happen if a wearer drops their watch while tightening or unfastening the strap. when the watch was dropped so the display hit the floor first, the screen shattered with beads of glass seen on the ground after impact.
Adam Federici fumbled an extra-time winner for arsenal at wembley on saturday. the error led to reading being dumped out of the FA cup at wembley. but had reading reached the final on may 30 it would have clashed with his wedding in italy to girlfriend micaela Gardner, reports the sun.
aston villa beat liverpool 1-0 in the FA cup semi-final at wembley. villa will now face arsenal in the final at the emirates stadium in may. here, sportsmail's Laurie Whitwell rates the players' performances.
Xavi came on as a half-time substitute against psg on tuesday night. the former barcelona midfielder played for 148th time in the competition. he also set the record for the most appearances in the knockout phase. real madrid goalkeeper Iker casillas can equal Xavi's total.
Jose mourinho's settled back seven has stayed remarkably settled. Mauricio pochettino's side outran Southampton to earn 2-2 draw at stamford bridge. louis van gaal blamed a lack of sharpness for manchester united's defeat at everton.
Watford beat Brighton 2-0 at the amex stadium in the early kick-off. they were hoping that middlesbrough lost plus Norwich failed to win. both those results came in during a sensational final five minutes. players erupted on the bus when news filtered through that they had won promotion three hours afterwards.
the latest version of the long-running game series is due out on July 16. it features various gameplay styles as well as enhanced ball physics. fans can mix and match all three settings to create their own style. courses themselves also affect how your shots are played.
the steel gate at Border field state park in california was unlocked by officials in honor of children's day. two young boys reportedly fell to their knees as they crossed into Mexico and saw their cherished mother for the first time in two years. one of the boys, 10, said he 'felt nervous, but at the same time, excited' at the prospect of seeing his mother again.
Jason denayer has been on loan at Celtic since joining from manchester city. the 19-year-old has been in impressive form for the scottish club. he has been nominated for the pfa young player of the year award.
Lewis Hamilton was spotted on the set of the comedy sequel on friday. he was sat front row with Olivia munn and busily chatting in between takes. the scene seemed to show celebrities and fashionistas gathered to watch a show. star and director stiller came over to chat to them before changing into his outfit.
bridesmaids star expressed his frustration with staff in a tweet that was dripping with sarcasm. the incident occurred a day after he and his wife, dawn, attended an event in london.
43 per cent of voters think Ed miliband 'comes across as wanting to win the most' only 25 per cent think david cameron is hungriest to win the election.
selfie queen said women were turned off politics because there was no-one like her. said parliament needed people like her 'to bring it back down to reality' revealed earlier this year that she had suffered sexual abuse.
motherwell will go to battle with the SPFL over free entry to the premiership play-offs for season-ticket holders. the SPFL are entitled to take 50 per cent of the gate proceeds from the six play-off ties. a bid by the league board to force play-off finalists to charge all fans a minimum price of £15 for the play-off ties was withdrawn at a meeting last Thursday.
the London Borough of Barking and dagenham wants dog owners to submit a DNA sample from the inside of the animal's cheek so it is registered on a database. council would then use stored information to match the animal responsible with any errant mess found on the streets - and issue the owner an £80 fine. similar schemes in the us have reduced dog fouling by up to 90 per cent.
Philip dunning 44, from bo'ness, west lothian, won £7,864,529 in lotto. he turned up for his 4am shift at a food plant in the town to hand in his notice. his partner Gina meikle, 45, also did the same and told boss he was quitting.
almeria have completed 184 passes so far today, which is a decent stat given it's not even half time yet. real haven't found their rhythm yet while almeria are just letting them pass from side to side. keylor navas will be worried by almeria's passing and movement.
obsessive football fan boyfriend made his girlfriend take an Arsenal test. he marked her answers with red pen and she scored 43.5 out of 50. she posted snaps of the test to her twitter account, @saskiaisabxlla. the test took the form of a school exam, with multiple choice questions.
Ousmanjatta, 45, married wife beryl, 88, in Gambia 13 years ago. they moved back to the uk when she became ill with dementia in 2006. he took her to a care home while he went to africa for three weeks. but when he returned he was told social services had intervened. he had threatened to go on hunger strike unless she returned to him.
Ronald butcher bequeathed his entire £500,000 fortune to builder Daniel Sharp. he became friends with the builder after he cleared out his gutters for free. but his relatives and friends insist the will is invalid and that the builder is lying.
'all shots were done perfectly,' says attorney-general h.m. prasetyo. 'these executions were carried out smoothly and in order,' he says. he dismisses australia's withdrawal of its ambassador as a'momentary reaction'.
goncalo amaral was on trial over claims he made in a book and a documentary. he claimed that the couple were involved in their daughter's disappearance. in a written verdict, a Lisbon court agreed that he should pay £360,000 in damages. it also banned further sales of his book the truth of the lie. amaral's lawyers have leave to appeal the ruling.
Ronaldo brown has signed for league one club oldham athletic. the 16-year-old is named after former real madrid striker Ronaldo. he has a younger sister called Trezeguet, after the former french striker.
lib dem minister releases details of what he claims are secret coalition plans. tories 'flatly rejected' the plans, claiming they were drawn up by civil servants. but the lib dems hit back, claiming pm himself asked officials to examine ways to curb access to benefits.
rodrigo gularte asked 'am I being executed?' as he was being chained up to be transported to the jungle clearing on nusakambangan island. the 42-year-old was a paranoid schizophrenic who didn't realise he was being executed until his last moments of life. the Irish priest appointed to be Gularte's spiritual advisor in his final hours said he talked to him for an hour and a half late on Tuesday
arshdeep and her mother were travelling from their home in northern india. a group of about half a dozen men began harassing them on the bus. they tried to'molest' arshdeep and her mother, but the bus staff joined in. the 14-year-old later died in hospital and her mother was left severely injured.
french soldiers accused of abusing children as young as nine for food. investigation underway since last year but only made public yesterday. french defence ministry has vehemently denied covering up the scandal.
ba van nguyen was able to fly a military helicopter on his own to save his family during the fall of Saigon on April 30, 1975. he got out of his flight suit and jumped into the ocean just seconds before the helicopter crashed - all on his own. this after he reached out to the USS Kirk which was too small to allow the helicopter to land, and so he hoovered over as his family jumped out. they were all eventually saved by the USS Kirk
pema lama, 15, was pulled from rubble five days after quake hit. medics placed IV drip into his arm and a blue brace around his neck. he appeared stunned and his eyes blinked in the sunlight. rescue came as four-month-old baby reunited with his mother.
Jeffrey Okafor, 24, is accused of stabbing Carl beatson-asiedu, 19, to death outside a nightclub in south east london in 2009. the 19-year-old victim, known as DJ Charmz, had been leaving the club with a group of friends after performing a set. a group of men approached them after performing a set, the court heard. Okafor then allegedly confessed to his girlfriend before fleeing to Nigeria on his brother's passport
javier Hernandez has scored five goals in his last six games for real madrid. the 26-year-old has scored three times in his last two games. but the deadline to buy him outright passed on thursday night.
Carl Thompson, 32, doubled in weight from 30 to 65 stone in just three years. now bed-bound, he is too heavy to walk or wash himself. spends £200 a week on takeaways and online food shopping. has not had a job since he was 17 when he worked in a food factory.
five-month-old sonit awal was asleep upstairs when the quake struck. he was saved from death by a cupboard that fell over him. his mother has spoken of her 'overwhelming joy' that he is alive.
bartender Liz Clark, 34, left her home in california to sail around the world. she was given a sailboat on the condition that she document her travels. the ten-year trip has helped her perfect her surf-boarding talents.
Darren Stanton has become the UK's top human leading human lie detector. former police officer has a background in psychology and micro expression training. appeared on this morning to show his immense skill in sniffing out deceit. managed to spot when both Philip Schofield and Amanda holden were fibbing.
Stuart McCall has had to get used to his players being booed. he remembers getting into fights as a teenager because of it. last weekend, captain Lee McCulloch was booed by his own fans.
Ukip leader said he would accept the result of a referendum. rejected claims his party would become'redundant' as a result. claimed the party could enjoy an SNP-style surge in support. comments come after three leaders faced live-tv grilling.
Ukip leader will say boatloads of migrants could provide cover for jihadis. he will make his comments in a debate at the european parliament. comes in the wake of more than 1,000 migrants drowning in the Mediterranean.
Nicola sturgeon talks up her chances of being king-maker following election. polls still pointing to another hung parliament, despite labour leader's claims. he rules out a formal deal with the resurgent nationalists. but a vote-by-vote arrangement remains on the table.
new legislation is urgently needed to update powers of MI5 and GCHQ. but, based on current polling, Parliament would be left deadlocked. balance of power held by Scottish nationalists opposed to updating law.
bionerd scales missile defence system towers and eats contaminated apples. has attracted thousands of subscribers to her YouTube channel. claims she has exposed herself to more radiation swimming in sea. says she is more likely to develop cancer from swimming in the sea.
Charlie patino and his family must weigh up offers from arsenal, Chelsea and Tottenham. the 11-year-old midfielder has been spotted at Luton Town's academy. like arsenal star Jack Wilshere he has been offered a shot at the highest level.
Emma Giffard, 36, and Ollie halls, 37, from Somerset, bought the cinema for £1,200. they spent £35,000 restoring the vintage classic over five years. now they want to concentrate on being parents to their two children.
Kevin Morgan, 55, was injured when a land rover reversed into his rover 75. he suffered whiplash, chronic pain syndrome and deep depression. as his £600,000 damages claim began, he was accused of a £600,000 fraud. he was filmed meeting up in a coffee shop with celebrity friend max Clifford.
many of the club's first-team players attended the annual 'Academy Day' at Finch farm on Tuesday. players from the under-6 to under-11 age groups joined the senior stars for a training session at the Halewood complex. the likes of Leon Osman, Phil jagielka, Ross Barkley and Romelu Lukaku were all present.
only nine per cent of germans now consider the end of the conflict a defeat. attitudes are reportedly changing among the younger generation.
jack Wilshere has missed five months of the season due to ankle surgery. the arsenal midfielder posted a photo of his shopping trolley. he called on his 891,000 instagram followers to help him out.
Ivan Rakitic and his wife enjoy a day at the beach in spain. the couple married in 2013 and have two children. lionel messi has also revealed he will soon be a father for the second time.
tickets go on sale at 8pm on thursday after weeks of wrangling. mayweather and Pacquiao's promoters had accused each other. the fight was always going to take place at the grand garden arena. only a token 1000 seats are going on public sale at between $1,500 (£1,000) and $7,500 (£5,000)
IPSA had launched a bid to keep MPs' original claims secret. but the court of appeal ruled today that it must release all receipts and invoices. case stems from a freedom of information request to Ipsa in 2010. it asked for three specific receipts submitted by politicians in support of claims.
rapper Tyga posed for a picture with arsenal duo at the Emirates. the american rapper dyed his hair red to show his support for the club. the 25-year-old was also given a no 52 shirt with the word 'kingin' printed on the back.
theo Walcott has been overlooked by arsene wenger for much of the season. the 26-year-old has been pictured on a bench with six of his team-mates. the winger has been named on the substitutes' bench for 17 of his 33 games.
Floyd mayweather meets rival Manny Pacquiao in the Fight of the Century. tickets for the fight sold out within 60 seconds on Ticketmaster last week. mayweather took time out of a training session to pose with Gladys knight.
Lionel messi posted a picture of his son, Thiago, kissing his wife's stomach. he added the message: 'Waiting for you baby. we love you' the couple already know they are due to have a baby boy and have a name.
Adnan januzaj turned up at the snooker world championships in Sheffield. the manchester united winger had turned out for the under 21 side at Fulham on Tuesday night amid reports he could be farmed out on loan next season. the 20-year-old displayed his silky skillls on a mini pool table.
amelie mauresmo is expecting a baby in august and will be replaced by Swede Jonas Bjorkman in the lead-up to the us open. the plan is for mauresmo to work with him up until Wimbledon, although by then she will be in the latter stages of pregnancy. if the responsibilities of parenthood prevent her fulfilling her 26-week commitment, then their relationship may have to go the same way.
Ukip leader said anti-English sentiment in scotland was 'biggest' form of racism in the uk. accused the snp of being 'openly racist', blaming salmond for fuelling resentment. said it was wrong that Ukip is called racist, adding: 'the kind of language that is used about and towards english people is totally extraordinary'
Marouane fellaini and his twin brother mansour were the subject of a mix-up involving jose mourinho prior to his side's clash with manchester united. mourinho prepared his players to deal with the threat of fellaini all week. but he was told by a hotel doorman that the midfielder was not playing.
only 500 tickets were on general sale with the rest distributed by the fighters, promoters, television networks and the MGM grand. one fan, Ade Adebayo, 34, from Brighton was lucky enough to get hold of a ticket when they were released last week. here he tells us his story and his hopes for the fight.
barcelona beat getafe 6-0 at the nou camp on tuesday night. lionel messi, luis suarez and neymar have now scored 102 goals. the trio have scored 49 goals between them in all competitions.
Roger Federer believes Rafael Nadal is still the man to beat at the french open. the 33-year-old lost to gael monfils in the third round of the monte carlo tournament last week. the 17-time grand slam champion takes on marsel ilhan or jakko nieminen.
former manchester united boss speaks to John parrott over a frame of snooker. parrott and presenter hazel Irvine were part of the bbc's coverage of the world championship at the crucible. sir alex Ferguson has always held a close relationship with the real madrid star.
barcelona beat getafe 3-0 at the nou camp on tuesday night. lionel messi opened the scoring with a cheeky penalty. luis suarez doubled barca's lead with a volley from outside the box. xavi made his first appearance of the season after coming on as a substitute.
the 35-year-old said he was 'chuffed to bits' with his performance. he joked he was disappointed to finish behind former rower james cracknell. the f1 driver was running on behalf of cancer research.
AP McCoy and his wife Chanelle attended the BT sport industry awards. defenders Nathaniel Clyne and Ryan Bertrand were also in attendance. the awards celebrate innovation, talent management and community investment brought through sport.
real madrid beat relegation-threatened almeria 3-0 at the Bernabeu on wednesday. norwegian teenager Martin Odegaard was named on the bench for the game. the 16-year-old would have become the club's youngest ever player if he came on.
two-time f1 world champion took time out from training ahead of the spanish grand prix next week. the pair can be seen posing in caps and shades on one of los angeles' busiest freeways. the 23-year-old younger half-brother of Lewis Hamilton suffers from the neurological condition cerebral palsy.
Floyd mayweather and Manny Pacquiao will fight on may 2 at the MGM grand. the fight is expected to earn at least $300million (£195m) mayweather is expected to receive $180m (£117m) and Pacquiao $120m (£79m)
Robin van persie made an appearance for manchester united under 21s away at Fulham on tuesday night. van persie opened the scoring with a header in the 13th minute. the holland international doubled his side's lead in the 80th minute. van persie then added a second and a third as united ran out 4-1 winners.
didier drogba has been awarded a barclays spirit of the game trophy. the 37-year-old set up the 'didier drogba foundation in africa' he hopes to inspire the next generation to fall in love with football.
didier drogba shows off six-man heading trick around dinner table. chelsea manager jose mourinho hit back at claims his side were boring. blues face Leicester city at the national football centre on wednesday.
flux ropes are twisted bundles of magnetic field that extend across hundreds of kilometres. they are thought to be the main cause of several types of solar weather - including solar flares and coronal mass ejections. new footage was revealed in a paper in nature communications by a scientist at the new jersey institute of technology. in the video, twisting groups of magnetic fields can be seen writhing around a common axis before bursting from the sun.
addison russe, 21, accidentally let his bat slip through his fingers. the bat went flying and struck a fan sitting behind the on-deck circle. the fan suffered 'wounds' but was conscious and communicative.
Daniel staurridge was challenged to a dance-off by a young liverpool fan. the former england striker was left red-faced by the talented youngster. the pair sat down for a quick interview before showing off their moves.
top ranked promoter Bob arum has revealed that the contracts for the mega fight next weekend have yet to be signed. the pair are finalising their preparations for the fight at the MGM grand on may 2. arum claims that the draft contract he received was not what he agreed with mayweather promotions and mGM when the term sheet was signed a few months ago.
boxing's richest fight in history is set for may 2 at the MGM grand arena. but no tickets have been officially put on sale for the mega-fight. seatgeek is selling briefs for up to $30,000 (£20,000) before the fight. mayweather's promoter has blamed his side for the delay.
Audi claims to have created the fuel of the future - diesel made from water and carbon dioxide. experts used renewable energy to convert carbon dioxide and water into a form of crude oil known as 'blue crude', which was then refined into diesel. tests have shown it can be mixed with diesel from fossil fuels, or used as a fuel in its own right. car manufacturer has already begun using the new e-diesel to power the official car of german minister Johanna whanka.
revolutionary system is being commercialised by french company pixium vision. surgeon first implants a small silicon chip with 150 electrodes on the retina. when the patient puts on the system's dark glasses, an integrated video camera sends images to a portable computer. a connected 'pocket processor' converts that recording into an infrared image, which the goggles will then beam into the eye.
the jeans designer is reportedly being pursued for $126,594 in taxes withheld between march and December 2012. the sister of real housewives of melbourne's Gina relaunched her label last year as by bettina liano.
laser expert Patrick priebe created a working iron man-style arm and hand. it fires beams from the back of the wrist or from the wearer's palm. in a video, the contraption is shown popping balloons and lighting matches.
chelsea are likely to join champions Chelsea in the champions league. manchester city, the gunners and manchester united are likely to join league champions Chelsea in the competition. only Liverpool, Tottenham and Southampton are within a mathematical chance of breaking the top four.
the robots were originally created by artist Giles Walker for a show called 'peepshow' the £2,500 dancers will be pole dancing for the remaining four days of the event, along with presentations from leading figures in the technology industry.
the majority-hindu country treats cows as sacred and there is a blanket ban on slaughtering the animal. the development has the potential to trigger diplomatic acrimony between the south Asian association for regional cooperation (saarc) member countries. doctors at Kathmandu's Bir hospital told mail today that packets of ‘beef masala’ were sent by Pakistan on Tuesday as part of relief aid to the temblor survivors.
Floyd mayweather will fight Manny Pacquiao at the mgm grand on may 2. mayweather said he feels he is the best ever ahead of the mega-fight. there were no apologies for claiming to be greater than Muhammad Ali. there was even sympathy for Freddie Roach in his battle with Parkinson's disease.
researchers subjected two commercial lithium ion batteries to external heat. they then used thermal imaging and non-invasive high speed imaging techniques to observe changes in their internal structure. copper inside melted, indicating temperatures of at least 1,085°C (1,985°F) and it caused molten material to stream from its vent. one cell remained intact during battery failure and as the heat-generating reactions continued, hot gas followed by molten material jetted out through the battery’s vent. the rapid
fireball was captured on camera by the united kingdom meteor observing network (ukmon) in portadown, county armagh. footage shows it glowing brightly as it races northwards towards the Irish sea. pieces from the meteorite could potentially be worth thousands of pounds.
photographer Jessica Fulford-Dobson took pictures of young girls skateboarding in dresses and skirts in Kabul, Afghanistan. 40 per cent of Skateistan's students are girls. the non-profit organization aims to connect youth in Afghanistan with education through skateboarding.
Nasa has been testing a flexible wing on a plane in California. the wing can bend from -2 degrees up to 30 degrees. it means that regular flaps aren't needed - and it is much lighter. figures suggest the breakthrough could increase fuel efficiency up to 12 per cent, and reduce noise at take-off and landing up to 40 per cent.
Ian Merrett, 28, wolf-whistled poppy smart, 23, every day for a month. marketing co-ordinator compared taunts to racial discrimination. wolf-whistling 'got me so many birds and snogged loads of girls', he says. miss smart eventually filmed the taunts and complained to the police. mr Merrett was jailed for 12 months in 2009 for
Tammy Abraham and Dominic solanke have both scored 35 goals this season. the duo are in the form of their young lives and could play for the first-team. jose mourinho said his first-team squad had space for 'three or four kids'
former boxing promoter is one of the party's most famous former candidates. she said: 'if we want to stop labour and the snp I think you’ve got to vote tory' she stood as the party's candidate for london mayor in 2004.
Amanda Oleander, 25, is one of the stars of periscope, twitter's new live broadcasting platform. she has been 'loved' over 7.5 million times in less than a month since it launched.
the concrete road bridge spans a mile across lake nakaumi, linking the cities of Matsue and Sakaiminato. it's incredible slope, which has a gradient of 6.1 per cent on the Shimane prefecture side and 5.1 per cent on the Tottori prefecture side gives it a rollercoaster-like appearance.
Jimmy white's bid to play in the world snooker championship ended on monday. white lost 10-8 to world no 30 matthew selt in qualifying in Sheffield. six-time world champions Steve Davis was also knocked out.
GCHQ unlawfully intercepted telephone calls and emails from dissident. legally-privileged material was protected by strict rules, it has been ruled. spies ordered to destroy two copies of the sensitive eavesdropped communications.
Dundee united sold star duo Stuart Armstrong and Gary mackay-steven to Celtic. the tannadice club have won just three of their 14 games since. Celtic are also interested in signing striker Nadir ciftci from the club.
two window cleaners were working on the 91st floor of a skyscraper in Shanghai. their platform was violently thrown around by high winds. the workers only suffered minor injuries.
scientists at the university of california school of medicine believe laboratory-engineered antibodies could eradicate primary tumours. they could also eradicate distant metastases that have spread through the body. process relies on same mechanism as that which causes animals' bodies to reject organ transplants. antibodies - molecules that detect foreign substances in the body - trigger the immune system. they bind themselves to proteins from the foreign tissue and alert T-cells, that act like the immune's system's SWAT team
five men each played their own vital role in the liberation of occupied france. they are among the first of 2,800 living veterans to receive the honour. ceremony held at the Yorkshire air museum at Elvington, near york.
Johanna basford, 32, created one of the first colouring books for grown-ups. her second book, 'enchanted forest', has sold 226,000 in one month. mother-of-one said colouring books were no longer viewed as 'childish'
a Celtic treble is gone, but the recriminations, anger and sense of injustice will linger and fester for some time to come. the standard of Scottish refereeing remains an ongoing embarrassment. Virgil van dijk fired Celtic into an early lead with a superb free-kick in the 18th minute. David Raven's late extra-time strike secured a place in the Scottish cup final.
in 2007, a 29-year-old karaoke performer was shot dead at a bar for delivering an off-key rendition of my way. there have been a spate of copycat killings provoked by inadequate attempts at the song. he has two platinum albums to his name back home.
chelsea took a commanding 3-1 lead back to west london. a double from Tammy Abraham saw the blues take a first half lead. a late Dominic solanke goal put a gloss on the scoreline for city.
didier drogba was the star man for chelsea - and he was leading his team-mates in celebrations at full time. drogba is into his 38th year and could be doing something a little more leisurely at the sharp end of the season. jose mourinho's side fought back from 2-0 down to win 2-1 at the etihad stadium.
terminal 1 at Beijing international airport will be the world's largest. will cover 700,000 square metres, and handle 45 million passengers a year. designed by renown architect, Zaha hadid for airport developers ADPI.
manchester city take on chelsea in the first leg of the FA youth cup final. the match takes place at city's academy stadium in the shadow of the main Etihad stadium. the second leg takes place next week at stamford bridge.
a new reddit thread is offering some fascinating insights into the strange lives of men who have purchased mail-order brides. the discussion focuses on brides from Russia and the Philippines and has so far garnered more than 10,000 comments.
the mega-fight between mayweather and pacquiao is set to be the biggest pay-per-view in sport. ticket sales and casino profits have been taken into account. mayweather stands to earn $15m (£9m) per round and $5m (£3m) per minute. the average payout for the top 10 pay-per-view fighters stands at $22.4m (£14m)
Wolfsburg lost 1-0 at home to borussia monchengladbach on sunday. the result means Bayern have won the title for the 25th time in the league. the champions have four games to play in the title race.
Heather Mack, 19, brutally killed her mother with the help of her boyfriend in august and dumped the bloody suitcase in a taxi outside the upscale st. regis Bali resort. she avoided the death penalty last week when a judge sentenced her to 10 years, a relatively light sentence that took into consideration her need to care for her newborn. in contrast, australians Andrew Chan and myuran sukumaran have spent the past decade on death row after they were convicted of trying to smug
Floyd mayweather Jnr's personal chef has revealed his food cravings. chef quiana Jeffries has been cooking for mayweather since his announcement. the boxer insists on eating organic food before his fight with manny pacquiao.
castello baronale is situated just 31 miles (50km) from Rome, and boasts nine en-suite bedrooms, library, gym and even a theatre. built in the 12th century, the castle was born by Pope urban VIII's nephew, Cardinal barberini, in 1541. the fort remained in the family for 400 years, until it was sacked by Napoleon when he plundered the castle's gold.
Celtic beat Rangers 2-0 to win the Glasgow cup at Hampden park. goals from Josh Kerr and mark hill secured the win for the hoops. only local schoolkids and their parents were allowed into the match.
at least five women got into a large-scale brawl at a zara store in the city's Rittenhouse square neighborhood on friday afternoon. the women pulled hair, slapped, yanked each other's clothes and knocked over store displays. a security guard attempted to break up the fight, but was mostly unsuccessful.
Tammy Abraham opened the scoring for the west london side with a right-footed shot into the far corner. Isaac Buckley-ricketts equalised for Manchester city with an acrobatic effort into the far corner. the pair have already been crowned kings of european football in the UEFA youth league.
Chelsea beat relegation-threatened Leicester 2-1 at the etihad on saturday. victory will hand the blues their first premier league title since 2010. manager jose mourinho hailed his 'phenomenal' side after the game.
metal detector enthusiast bill ladd found the tags after a storm last year. the tags belonged to world war II veteran cpl. William Benn. he lost them in 1939 at a coastal artillery placement on salisbury beach.
Ronny deila's side face inverness in the Scottish cup semi-final. the league cup winners are eight points clear at the top of the table. deila believes treble success will help attract new players to the club.
Brenna happy cloud of salem, Oregon, found herself locked out of her facebook account last week. for five days she received the same message every time she attempted to logged in. with no access to her contacts, photos and messages, happy cloud admits it was a difficult time.
dita von Teese is offering burlesque workshops at the canyon ranch. fashion designer and author will run presentations and classes. von Teese believes her workshops can build women's confidence.
Gloucester will play Edinburgh in the challenge cup final at Twickenham. victory in the capital would earn the Cherry and whites a home play-off spot for next season's champions cup. bill meakes scored the opening try for his side at Kingsholm.
John Terry scored his seventh goal in all competitions for Chelsea this season. the 34-year-old prodded home from close range against Leicester on wednesday. his goal return is better than manchester city strikers Edin Dzeko and Stevan Jovetic.
each year in the uk around 41,000 men are diagnosed with prostate cancer and 11,000 die from the disease. tests of new drug oxaliplatin achieved almost complete remission in mice.
Steve Davis will attempt to qualify for this year's Betfred world championship. the king of the baize in the 1980s believes both would relish the challenge. but he admits his own swan song hopes look forlorn.
world snooker chairman Barry hearn has ruled out giving a season-long tour wildcard to reanne evans. the 29-year-old saw her Crucible dream ended by Ken doherty in a close qualifying match which she lost 10-8. doherty led the calls for Evans to be handed another chance on the main tour.
Reanne Evans is aiming to become the first woman to qualify for the snooker world championships in Sheffield this month. the 29-year-old from dudley faces former champion Ken doherty in qualifying. she has won 10 women's world titles and plays doherty at Pond's forge.
boxing fans will be able to buy commemorative jewellery ahead of the mega-fight. the world boxing council in association with bwa (london) are launching the range. the price of the items is yet to be revealed.
pilots reveal which routes and seats offer the best views. britain's chief Boeing pilot, captain al bridger, says: 'we get some spectacular views from the cockpit but many of these can be seen by everyone on board' when leaving Sydney, sit on the right hand side of the aircraft to get the best views of the harbour.
Harry Davies-carr and his brother Charlie starred in 'charlie bit me' video. clip was originally filmed for the family to send to their godfather. it quickly became an early online hit when it was uploaded eight years ago. the boys, from buckinghamshire, are now aged 11 and nine. they have given an interview to children's TV programme newsround.
leigh Griffiths scored a hat-trick for Celtic against Dundee on sunday. the 24-year-old has re-invented himself as the club's top scorer. former coach Tam currie says he is less visible in the leith area now.
Falkirk beat hibernian 1-0 in the Scottish cup semi-final at Hampden park. Craig sibbald scored the winner with a stooping header in the 74th minute. hibernian will face either inverness or celtic in the final on may 30.
mailonline travel spoke to wedding and event planner, Sarah Haywood, who has helped organise ceremonies and honeymoons for celebrities and businessmen. she estimates membership fees for such a service start at about £50,000. last-minute requests include access to exclusive events, such as the Cannes Film Festival and the white house correspondence dinner.
Justin bieber will carry Floyd mayweather's championship belts into the ring. the 21-year-old has accompanied 'Money' into the ring on numerous occasions. he even joined the fighter on stage during a recent press conference.
Manny Pacquiao is set to take on world champion Floyd mayweather on saturday night at the MGM grand in Las Vegas. the 36-year-old has become one of the most recognisable stars in the world of sport. he has been involved in some of the biggest bouts in the world over the past decade or so, facing the likes of Oscar de la hoya, Ricky Hatton, Miguel cotto and four fights against Mexican warrior Juan Manuel marquez
Australian artist Ben quilty has penned an impassioned message to the Indonesian president in the final hours before their executions. he has been a staunch advocate for clemency having witnessed their remarkable rehabilitation first-hand. the artist has described how the two good men will be a pillar of strength for the others on death row until their last moment.
Floyd mayweather and mannypacquiao arrived in Las Vegas on tuesday. sportsmail's Jeff Powell was there to witness their arrivals. mayweather and Pacquiao will fight on saturday at the mgm grand.
sky and BT sports pay £16million a year for live coverage of Scottish football. the BBC puts in an estimated £3m a year for sportscene highlights. compared with the £5billion paid to english clubs for premiership football the sums are trifling.
luxury villa on the lake side of lake garda, in northern italy, can be yours for €18 million (about £13 million) crystal chandeliers dot the ceiling, valuable works of art line the walls and there is even a large wine cellar, which is sure to satisfy the most discerning collectors. in antigua, a mansion with a pool overlooking the sea is just a stone's throw from a palazzo.
Stefan Johansen picked up two awards at the annual player of the year awards. the 24-year-old shared the players' player of the year award with captain Scott brown but stood alone as the choice of the supporters. the former Stromsgodset player joined the hoops in January last year.
Nathan allan de souza set to sign for chelsea from atletico paranaense. the 19-year-old is regarded as the next big thing in south american football. dazzling attacking midfielder will add to the samba feel at stamford bridge. click here for all the latest transfer news with our live updates.
massaging your 'third eye', the point between your eyebrows, can boost concentration. swap cereals for kippers and wholemeal toast and you’ll ramp up essential fatty acids and slow release sugars.
Reanne Evans is bidding to become the first woman to appear in the main stages of the world finals at the Crucible. former world champion Ken doherty took the opening frame 71-15. but the 29-year-old hit back brilliantly to take the next three frames.
the map suggests that the coal region and rust belt in the american northeast, along with the south, have now become the most racist areas of the us. racism is rife in the coal region in northeastern Pennsylvania and the spine of the appalachian mountains, according to the map. the map revealed that clusters of racism appeared in areas of the Gulf Coast, Michigan's Upper Peninsula, and a large portion of Ohio.
Manny Pacquiao and his team made the 270-mile journey from los angeles to las vegas on monday night. the 36-year-old arrived at the Mandalay bay hotel, which will be his base for the week. Pacquiao had been training at trainer Freddie Roach's wild card gym. mayweather has the luxury of training at his self-titled boxing club in Las Vegas, which is situated next to a Chinese Baptist church.
tennis might be the 55-year-old's preferred means of staying in shape. instead, she tries anything from dancing, to Pilates, to walking in the hills.
bayer leverkusen have released defender emir spahic from his contract. the 34-year-old was involved in a brawl with security personnel. spahic was incensed that they wouldn't let his friends into the locker room. leverkusen say spahic accepted responsibility for his actions.
Robert lewandowski opened the scoring for pep guardiola's side in the 15th minute. lewandowski doubled the lead shortly after the break with a volley. a goal was disallowed for offside and Bayern hit the woodwork.
the novella is a work of fan fiction about a housewife's infatuation with new england patriots tight end Rob 'Gronk' Gronkowski. it has been shown as a source of ribald humor on the tonight show and on jimmy kimmel live. however the lawsuit slams the book is distasteful and 'offensive'
Alexander meier has been ruled out for the rest of the season. the eintracht Frankfurt striker will have surgery on his patellar tendon. meier has scored 19 league goals this season, ahead of arjen Robben and Robert lewandowski.
riot erupted in 2012 when supporters of home team al-masry and Cairo's al-ahly clashed after an Egyptian league match. an appeals court ordered the retrial of 73 defendants last year after rejecting a lower court's verdict, which sentenced 21 people to death. eleven of the fans were again sentenced to death today, with their verdicts referred to Egypt's supreme court. the court will make a final decision on their fate
Manny Pacquiao has a new camera which he points at everyone he comes across. 'i can say mayweather is the most dangerous opponent of my career because I haven’t fought him yet,' he says. 'this is the right time for me to fight Floyd. I’m more experienced now than five years ago,' he says.
Andrew Chan and myuran sukumaran were caught trying to smuggle more than eight kilograms of heroin out of Indonesia in 2005. they believed smuggling drugs would provide them with a short cut to the life of ease and glamour and - their biggest mistake - that they could get away with it. dubbed the masterminds behind the $4 million drug plot from the very beginning, the death penalty has never left the table for them.
scientists at haverford college, in. Pennsylvania, us, used Nasa's nuStar telescope. they spotted an emission of x-rays that corresponded to thousands of dead stars being present at the centre of our galaxy. these zombie stars are thought to be leaving a'mass grave' of white dwarf stars near the centre of the milky way. but why there are so many of these stars here remains a mystery.
amal cliooney appeared before reporters at the national press club. she is part of a high-profile international legal team representing ousted and jailed former president of maldives Mohamed Nasheed. the case against the president stemmed from the alleged wrongful detention of a judge by the maldivian military.
Georgia Davis, 22, has been dramatically lifted out of her home by a crane. a number of roads had to be closed as firefighters worked to remove her. it is the second time the morbidly obese woman has had to be rescued in such a way. neighbours said there were 12 fire, police and ambulance vehicles at property.
Morgan Schneiderlin opened the scoring with his first premier league goal since september. a mistake from saints goalkeeper Kelvin Davis allowed mame diouf to equalise. substitute Charlie Adam stole all three points with six minutes to go.
Morgan Schneiderlin has been ruled out for the rest of the season. the midfielder has been linked with a move to arsenal and spurs. but manager Ronald Koeman admits he may have played his last game.
Liris crosse, 32, grew up in Baltimore, Maryland, and is now a plus-size model. despite being a healthy size 10 (us 6), she received rejection after rejection. her voluptuous shape landed her on the shelf at many modelling agencies. but she proved them wrong and now stars in regular fashion shoots.
a former member of a secretive new zealand Christian community has told of a culture of victim-blaming. Miracle escaped Gloriavale with her family around six years ago. she said sex outside of marriage and with underage children was 'absolutely frowned upon' and 'dealt with very severely in the community'. residents follow a strict new testament creed, wear blue uniforms and do not use birth control.
Adrien broner was pictured with 50 cent in a happy snap on instagram. the pair were watching premier boxing champions at the barclay's center.'swift' Danny Garcia won a controversial majority decision over lamont peterson.
petr cech has made just four league starts for the blues this season. the 33-year-old goalkeeper is likely to be watching from the substitutes bench. former midfielder Ray parlour believes signing cech would be a 'no brainer'.
west ham are top of the barclays premier league fair play table. if they finish top of the pile and english top flight is within top three 'fair-playing' leagues in europe, they will earn a Europa league place. manager allardyce says he would have no problem with sneaking into european football via the fair play league.
Andre Schurrle and Mario gotze joined by partners Montana yorke and Ann-Kathrin broemmel for a double date on sunday. the foursome posed for a picture that was later posted on Instagram. Schurrle came on as a second-half substitute during Wolfsburg 2-0 win away to Hamburg.
search engine zlaaatan.com has been created in honour of zlatan ibrahimovic. click of 'zlatan search' takes users to articles about the striker on google. click of 'i'm feeling Zlatan' takes users to his wiki page.
Steve Simonsen served a one-game ban for betting on 50 games in a year. the 35-year-old had not bet on any games relating to his club's competitions. he missed the club's clash with hibernian but has not played since. the englishman's legal team have confirmed he will not face a further suspension.
the third day of the trial against suspected Aurora, colorado movie theater shooter James Holmes continued on wednesday. 'i began to notice the bodies, the live victims, the blood,' police officer Annette Brook told jurors. twelve people were killed and 70 wounded when Holmes allegedly opened fire on a packed theater in July 2012. if convicted, Holmes could be sentenced to death.
west spruill has been charged with murdering ann charle, 36, on monday evening in the Bronx. the mother-of-two was walking towards her car at about 5:45 p.m. when he allegedly pulled out a gun and ordered her into her Honda. police say he sexually assaulted her in her car, but she managed to escape and ran naked down the street. but he chased after her and shot her three times - in the head
move marks a radical shift in strategy for the world's biggest software company, which still dominates the personal computer market. new operating system will run on the 'broadest types of devices ever' return of the start menu, which had been removed from windows 8.
Lucian Faggiano bought the building in lecce, puglia in the south of italy. renovations were put on hold when he discovered a toilet was blocked. while attempting to fix the toilet, he dug into a messapian tomb. he also found a roman granary, a Franciscan chapel and etchings. the search for the pipe began at the turn of the millennium.
the Bruno Smartcan is said to be the first internet connected kitchen bin and vacuum cleaner. it uses sensors to detect when you want the lid to open or when dirt has been swept towards it so it can activate its integrated vacuum. it also has an integrated bag store and charging cord.
the american chemical society in washington explained the science behind the Avengers in a video. it looks at the composition of iron man's suit - said to be a gold-titanium alloy in one of the movies - and captain America's shield. the video also explains the science behind super-healing abilities. but do any of these superpowers hold up to the laws of physics and chemistry as we know them?
some owners of the apple watch have found it malfunctions if worn on tattooed wrists. some dark, vibrant ink seems to cause the watch’s heart sensor to lose connection and give inaccurate readings. tests suggest tattoos in dark and solid colours interfere with the device the most. this is because the heart sensor reads a pulse by measuring light absorption through the skin - a process called photoplethysmography. red and green inks reflect light in a similar way and the
the Automated Planet Finder (APF) consists of a 2.4-metre automated telescope and enclosure, and a high-resolution spectrograph. the spectrograph splits starlight from the telescope into a rainbow of colours, splitting the light into a spectrum of thousands of different wavelengths that can be measured. all three planets in the system orbit the star, HD 7924, at a distance closer than Mercury orbits the sun.
the world-famous footballer's 40th birthday is on Saturday, 2 may. he is expected to fly out to marrakech for a glamorous bash. reports state that he will be staying at the five-star luxury resort. it is not the first time the Beckhams have stayed at the resort.
image shows one of Saturn's outer moons, measuring 255 by 161 miles (410 by 260km) hyperion is shaped like a potato and is one of the largest bodies in the solar system known to be so irregular. during the flyby, the probe got more than it bargained for as it unleashed a burst of charged particles towards the spacecraft.
fight broke out on flight from heathrow to muscat on saturday night. one passenger allegedly attacked another with a shoe. one passenger screamed that there was a baby nearby. one man taken away for questioning by police.
the proposed £30million, three-year contract for an Emirates FA cup was revealed by sports agenda. the figures range from £1,150 for winning the extra preliminary round through to the £1.8million either Aston villa or arsenal will receive for lifting the trophy. the numbers will not register for premier league clubs awash with TV money but £18,000 for winning a first-round Cup match would make a lot of difference to a non-League club.
entry to the site will be moved to a visitor and orientation centre in the jungle below. staff of certified guides and guards will be employed, and security cameras installed. plans have also been agreed for an exit ramp, as well as onsite toilets.
adidas have partnered with Spotify to create an app that tracks your speed and matches music to suit. called Adidas go, the songs are additionally selected based on the runner's musical interests and listening history. these selections become more relevant the more the app is used. once installed the app uses the phone's accelerometer to track the user's stride. it then searches for songs in the Spotify library with matching beats per minute.
James whitaker's reign as the ECB's head of selectors looks set to end when the new director of cricket is appointed. it is expected the chosen appointment will include being in overall charge of selection, leading to the end of Whitaker's stint. one county displeased by the test squad that Whitaker and his panel picked for the current tour of the west indies are Yorkshire.
Ian bell and jose root put on 177 runs for the fourth wicket on day one. england reached 341 for five after falling to 34 for three in the first session. england captain alastair cook has been working hard with captain alastair cook but the pitched up delivery continues to get him out.
brothers Jacques, 20, and Torin lakeman, 19, died in a pub in manchester. they drank six times the lethal dose of ecstasy they had bought online. coroner said he would be writing to the home secretary over the deaths. he said it was unacceptable that 'intellectual people can access drugs in this way'
Daniel levy is planning a new transfer policy for the club. he wants to buy players priced between £10-15million with good resale value. this strategy would set Tottenham back a decade to a time when they helped solve problems at manchester united by trading top performers such as Dimitar Berbatov and Michael carrick.
testosterone begins its influence in the womb as it helps shape the distinctive characteristics of the male body. it then recedes, but returns — and how! — in puberty. post-puberty, testosterone drives the competition for females.
our fascination with aeroplanes has acquired a morbid flavour since crash. germanwings flight 9525 deliberately crashed into the french Alps. mark vanhoenacker is a senior first officer with British Airways. he wants the reader to understand his passion for his job.
IDC said Samsung sold 82.4 million smartphones in the first three months of the year, for a 24.5 percent market share. but its first quarter net profit plunged 39 percent as consumers switched to bigger iPhones. apple held an 18.2 percent market share after selling 61.2 million iPhones.
the 40-year-old said he is 'trying to give back to the sport' in which he began his career. former ufc champion tested positive for two steroids in an out-of-competition test.
Eden Hazard and Nathan ake take on team-mates loic remy and willian. in round one, they aim to sink balls into the boot of a car from close range. in round two, they take to a makeshift tennis court, where the net is replaced by a £127,000 R8 V10 plus Audi. Hazard and ake win 5-3 in the decider, with remy and willian winning.
Peter Schmeichel and his Bayern Munich counterpart Oliver kahn star in new advert. the duo renew their rivalry in a top trump style competition. the gag is that the pair have so many 'cards' to play 50 years later.
John Barnes and Jamie redknapp rap on upcoming series of a league of their own. the pair performed a rendition of 1979 classic Rapper's delight. the pair played together at liverpool for six years between 1991 and 1997.
a video of Robbie keane's car karaoke effort was posted on the Boy George and the culture club's facebook page. the video was apparently filmed during LA Galaxy's day off on Tuesday. the 34-year-old striker is sidelined by a groin injury.
the 'USA freedom act' would codify president obama's proposal to end the NSA's collection of domestic calling records. it would allow the agency to request certain records held by the telephone companies under a court order in terrorism investigations. the authority to collect those records and other related surveillance provisions of the patriot act will expire June 1 unless congress passes a law reauthorizing it. similar legislation was introduced in the u.s. Senate by democrat Patrick leahy
angelika graswald, 35, has been charged with second-degree murder in the death of her fiance, 46-year-old Vincent viafore. Graswald was kayaking with her fiance on the Hudson river when his vessel flipped over near the town of Cornwall-on-Hudson. Graswald called 911 telling the dispatcher she had fallen out of her own kayak. she was later picked up by a boater and police have yet to find his body.
top seed Eugenie Bouchard was beaten 6-3, 6-1 by american Lauren Davis. the 21-year-old american won nine of the final 11 games of the match. it was the 21-year-old's only career meeting with the world no 7.
fossils from an extinct pygmy sperm whale that died seven million years ago, have shed new light on the evolution of modern day whales. the remains, which were discovered in Panama, indicate that the organ involved in sound generation and echolocation got smaller throughout the whale’s evolution. the find will help experts fill in gaps in the evolution of cetaceans.
Nasa has released an image taken by the probe's visual and infrared spectrometer (virs) to reveal distinct features such as volcanic vents and fresh craters. to highlight the geological features, the images have been overlain on a black and white mosaic from the mercury dual imaging system. the spacecraft is expected to smash into the planet's surface at 2.4 miles per second (3.9km/s) on Thursday 30 April.
Samburgess has spent most of his union career at centre for bath. the former rugby league star has struggled to make an impact in the midfield since converting to union. he was called into the england squad for the 6 nations.
the 32-year-old edged closer to becoming england’s leading wicket-taker. he is playing in his 100th test match this week in antigua.
a 20-strong stadium tour group at chelsea clearly saw the trophy. a security guard attempted to cover it up to prevent photographs being taken. the premier league agreed to a request from the BBC to film the trophy at stamford bridge.
bath fly half George Ford scored a solo try in the first-half. it was the only score that the west countrymen managed to register. a penalty conceded by replacement matt garvey with seconds on the clock denied bath a place in the last four.
animals are most at risk in south america, australia, and new zealand. another group of researchers has added to the forecast with a separate study, which warns that marine animals near north america, Antarctica and new zealand are most likely to die out.
when people try to search for the aubergine, or eggplant, emoji hashtag no posts appear - even if there are posts tagged in this way. believed to be because the emoji is commonly used to represent male genitalia and may be attached to images containing nudity.
thousands of commuters were stranded on trains for up to five hours. passengers endured discomfort, frustration and danger in stifling conditions. police boarded stranded trains to hand out water and paramedics on hand. at least 338 cancellations and 138 part cancellations that missed stops.
the 27-year-old star of high school musical has grown into a buff babe. but how many child stars haven't?
Sam Burgess made his first start for bath in the back row. the former rugby league star impressed in his new position. bath recorded a 29-19 bonus point victory at Kingston park.
Nancy Perry is alleged to have told students that Obama is a Muslim and that any parent who support him couldn't be Christian, either. a 12-year-old boy in Perry's class brought the matter to the attention of his father, who complained to the school. 'if your parents voted for Obama, they're evil and I don't see how your parents could vote for someone that's Muslim,' he said.
experiment conjured up a ghostly illusion in the laboratory. blindfolded test subjects performed movements with their hand attached to a robotic device behind them. behind them, the robotic device reproduced their movements and touched them on the back. but when scientists introduced a temporal delay of just a few milliseconds, the distorting of temporal and spatial perception induced the ghostly feeling.
perak mufti tan sri harussani zakaria says rape is'made up by europeans' claims a woman can only refuse sex with her husband if she's menstruating. but he says rape is legal if sex takes place in a 'harmonious situation'
Laura Robson has not played since the 2014 australian open first round. the 21-year-old had tendon surgery and is now nearing a return.
the comedian posted a picture on twitter alongside the two sporting stars. he captioned the picture: 'Double Beckhams!' the pair are of no relation and are in the us filming late-night talk show. last month, david revealed his son's first date was at a sushi bar.
Sarah Jewell, 25, was expecting to find a tax refund in her mailbox when she instead received a letter from the IRS informing her that she had 'died' the staff at her local social security office told her that in November 2014 someone had filed her social security number as deceased. she said they implied she would be fine and that 'everything's taken care of' but fast-forward three months later and Jewell hasn't received instruction from social security on how to proceed. she still hasn'
children as young as eight banned from attending mosque as part of school trip. parents expressed 'grave concerns' about teaching of Islam to their children. lostwithiel school pupils due to travel 68 miles to visit mosque in Exeter. parents said they would be exposed to 'violence and guns' and 'grave concerns' about the teaching of Islam.
the idea is borrowed from the 2004 film 50 first dates starring adam sandler. in the film, a suitor uses videos to remind a suitor of him each day. each day a new video is shown to residents of a care home in riverdale. the Hebrew home is planning to evaluate the programme next month.
Frank lampard walked down King's road with fiancee Christine Bleakley. the 36-year-old will join parent club new york city in the summer. the midfielder has scored seven goals in 32 appearances for city this season.
Manny Pacquiao wrote and recorded lalaban ako para sa Filipino. the boxer will perform it on his show next week against freddie thompson. 'i never heard a song that summed up my emotions so completely,' he said.
former light-heavyweight champion returns to the octagon on saturday. but he had to endure a protracted legal battle to make his comeback. 'i felt like I had to fight to get here, and that's been a tough fight'
researchers from the university of patras took thermal infrared photographs of 41 volunteers’ faces, before and after drinking four glasses of wine. scientists then used artificial neural networks to compare the sober and drunken images pixel-by-pixel. they say the technology could one day be installed in cars to spot drink drivers and stop them starting the ignition.
website allows users to analyse any image found on the search engine. even allows users to search for celebrities - and see what they look like. system works by analysing 27 points on the face.
Jeff Bezos' blue origin company has completed a successful spaceflight test in west Texas. the new shepard vehicle rose to a height of 58 miles (94km) - four miles short of space - before landing. it was unmanned, but will ultimately take six people into space. the cost of a ticket has not yet been announced, but estimates suggest it will be around £130,000 $200,000.
six players withdrew at short notice from the squad for saturday's match. former captain Trevor cherry has branded the players a 'disgrace'. head coach Neil redfearn described it as a 'freakish' set of events.
astronomers have produced the first complete three-dimensional view of the famous Pillars of creation. the image, together with data collected by Nasa, suggests these structures only have three million years left before they fade away. the new observations, taken by the european space agency, reveal many new details — including a jet from a young star.
Stuart broad has seen his place in the side questioned in recent times. but there has not been much wrong with his bowling in the last 14 tests. in the last 14 tests Broad has taken 63 wickets at 24 apiece.
six players withdrew from the squad on the eve of the match. it was a 'freakish set of events', according to beleaguered boss Neil redfearn. striker Steve morison admits he has never experienced anything like it. former captain Trevor cherry branded the players a 'disgrace'.
dreamlike snaps of a young woman in red posing at lulworth cove, dorset, in 1913 have been revealed as some of the earliest colour photographs ever taken. the 102-year-old images are part of the royal photographic society and are currently on display at the national media museum, Bradford. they were taken by electrical engineer and photographer Mervyn O'gorman, 42, who was an early pioneer of colour photography.
the 20-year-old has impressed in the championship this season. he has scored nine goals and has drawn admiring glances from several clubs. scouts visited the midfielder during the 4-3 defeat by wolves.
six players withdrew from the squad to face Charlton on saturday. it is understood that head coach Neil redfearn and the medical team were unaware of any problems with the players. antenucci tweeted: 'i'm reading a lot wickedness and insults in many posts.i'm a serious professional but if someone likes to insult me there is no problem'
author points finger at the late Stafford. heginbotham, Bradford city's chairman at the time. heginbotham had been linked to eight previous blazes. 'could any man really be as unlucky as heginbotham?' he asks.
Nadir ciftci celebrated a goal by blowing a kiss at opposition goalkeeper Scott bain. the Turkish striker was left blushing as his side lost away at rivals Dundee. it was Dundee's first win in a derby for more than 10 years.
the cast of absolutely fabulous are set to reunite for a film. writer and star Jennifer saunders said filming will begin in autumn. she said she was spurred on to finish script by a £10,000 bet with Dawn french. film will be based in london, with some scenes in south of france.
posters featuring model called'renee somerfield' are being removed. the adverts have caused a stir among feminists and body image campaigners. a change.org petition calling for the adverts to be pulled has already attracted 50,000 signatures.
the FA have secured a three-year contract with Emirates airlines. the deal is believed to be worth at least £10million a year. the 144-year-old competition will be rebranded as the Emirates FA Cup.
Lindsay sandiford believes she will be executed by the end of the year. she was sentenced to death for smuggling five kilograms of cocaine. the 58-year-old said she 'feels like giving up' and 'just wants to get it over with' australians Andrew chan, 31, and myuran sukumaran, 33, were executed by firing squad.
the Emirates FA cup is set to be rebranded as the Emirates FA Cup. the three-year, £30million deal would add to the airline's sporting sponsorship portfolio. here, sportsmail takes a look at the current deals the airline has on the table.
Michael bisping takes on cb dollaway in montreal on saturday night. the manchester middleweight is bidding to avoid losing successive fights for the first time in his career. bisping is open to fighting again in the UK five years after last fighting in the UK.
former arsenal forward Andrei arshavin set to be released by Zenit. the 33-year-old's contract with the club expires at the end of the season. andre villas-boas has said the pair are not in talks to extend deals.
Chad Hurst of salt lake city, utah, says he pulled a young man aside after their flight from Denver, Colorado had landed on Sunday. the young man then sucker punched Hurst in the stomach. the young man, who was carrying a skateboard, was then charged with assault and public intoxication.
talks between the two super-bantamweight world champions have reached a standstill. Eddie hearn attempted to jolt frampton’s camp into a fight by offering the biggest cheque of the northern Irishman’s career to date. the proposal was made live on television, with frampton’s team, led by Barry McGuigan’s Cyclone Promotions, given until the end of the week to accept the terms.
Yoshinori Muto scored the winner against Shonan bellmare last week. but the 22-year-old admits he is still considering a move to chelsea. the blues are believed to have made an offer of around £4million.
Charlie Austin is yet to receive an international call-up for the england squad. the striker has scored 17 premier league goals for queens park rangers. but if he played for a big club he would have been in the squad by now.
just 32% of consumers have heard of campylobacter germs, report says. more than 70% of Britons rightly identified chicken as main source of poisoning. but 32% of young people believe washing raw chicken before cooking is good way to avoid poisoning – the opposite of food standards agency advice.
ministerial briefing reveals 'unprecedented' number of australians facing death penalty in china for drug smuggling. eleven australians were apprehended on suspected drug smuggling charges in Guangzhou alone in 2014 - a crime punishable by death. one of the few australians facing death row in china - Sydney man Peter Gardner - had his case pushed forward by six months.
Aliesha Peterson, 22, first started exercising in august 2013. as of April 2015, she has lost nearly 20lbs and gained a six-pack.
the 24-year-old died on march 23 after a long battle with depression. coroner Peter Dean told inquest a friend found his body hanging. he said attempts at resuscitation failed at his home in lowestoft. his family said he was 'a huge personality who will be missed'
sandstorms caused havoc in Saudi Arabia last week with a number of flights being cancelled and schools being closed. footage, captured on camera in Saudi Arabia by Mohammed mohsen, shows the sandstorm sweeping into the area. the orange cloud engulfs the road and nearby buildings as it continues to move forward.
the 44-year-old is the cover star of the new issue of good housekeeping. in the interview, she talks about her traumatic childbirth experiences. the mother-of-two admits she needed therapy to cope with the trauma. but she also says they have inspired her to live life to the full.
alastair cook and Jonathan trott should both play all three tests against west indies before any sort of decision is made. i said after the first day of this test that england's top order was a bit one-paced which could be an issue. but that does not mean i think they should be dropped unless there is conclusive evidence they are in decline.
the 30-year-old reality star posted - then deleted - the message 'Pray for Baltimore' to Instagram on monday night. while over 417,000 followers liked the photo, it did not escape criticism. just 30 minutes later she responded to the wave of criticism with a tweet. 'damned if I do. Damned if I don't. so now it's wrong to pray? what is wrong with some of you guys? let me pray for YOU'
Michelle filkins, 44, of west wareham has been charged with breaking and entering, larceny over $250, and malicious destruction of property. she was discovered at the court street property in Edgartown by owner mark conklin on April 17. when he confronted her she claimed that she owned the house. she then fled in a gray Nissan pickup truck when conklin called the police.
botham and Anderson are leading wicket-takers in english test history. the 32-year-old took a record 384th wicket against the west indies on friday. both share a stubbornness that is what made botham the cricketer he was.
the 55-year-old newsman was suspended in february with no pay for six months after it emerged he repeatedly told a false story about being on a military helicopter hit by an RPG over Iraq. source says he is refusing to go down 'without a fight' as he looks to return to his post on NBC nightly news. comes after it was revealed that an internal inquiry found Williams had lied in his reporting to make himself look good at least 11 times.
Jordan spieth won the 79th masters at augusta on sunday. the 21-year-old shattered record after record on the way to his triumph. he became the first man ever to reach 19 under par in the Masters.
Alistair brownlee won on his return to action in the world triathlon series. the 27-year-old sprinted away to beat rival javier gomez. brownlee dropped off the leading group after being tripped.
louis van gaal is in the running for manager of the year. the dutchman has resurrected a giant in a short space of time. van gaal's side beat rivals manchester city 4-2 on saturday. click here for all the latest manchester united news.
angel di mari has been linked with a move away from old trafford. the 27-year-old has had a mixed start to his united career. he was involved in an attempted burglary at his family home in february.
replica of 18th-century work replaced by replica produced in china. it has hung in among 270 paintings at the gallery since february 10. challenge laid down to public to'spot the fake' among 270 paintings. gallery has revealed that only 10 per cent of visitors guessed correctly.
Mauro vilhete opened the scoring for barnet in the 25th minute. the striker doubled his tally in the second-half as barnet won 2-0. barnet returned to the football league after a two-year absence.
barnet secured a return to the football league with a 2-1 win over gateshead. Mauro vilhete scored a brace to secure the title for the north london side. manager martin allen said 'nobody expected us to do it'.
Hulk dressed up as the aforementioned superhero at the premiere of the latest Avengers: age of ultron movie on monday night. the 28-year-old recently signed a new long-term deal at the Russian club until the end of the 2018-19 season. the striker has scored 15 goals in 33 appearances for the Russian giants in all competitions at present.
demetrious Johnson retained his title with a win over Kyoji horiguchi. the american secured a submission victory in the latest pay-per-view event. in the co-main event, quinton 'Rampage' Jackson won his first bout since 2011.
diddy and mark Wahlberg placed a $250,000 bet on the mega-fight. the fight between boxing duo mayweather and Pacquiao takes place next weekend in Las Vegas. the fight is expected to gross over $300million. boxer Adrien broner has also revealed he could put down $50,000 on the fight.
manchester city fans sing a song with the line: 'we're not really here' celebrity fan Ricky Hatton wants 'the old city back', while noel gallagher says there is 'apathy' towards the champions league among the city fans. manuel pellegrini is punching above his weight at the etihad stadium.
Toni duggan has scored 11 goals in 16 games for the three lions this season. the striker says the three lions will not fear anyone at the world cup. duggan has scored a hat-trick against turkey and montenegro.
Leicester city striker Jamie Vardy put in a 10-out-of-10 performance against west brom on saturday. two years ago he was being criticised by fans who thought he was useless. now he is a pivotal part of the team and must fight for his place. louis van gaal should be crowned manager of the year. manuel pellegrini must think big or forever remain small.
Christian Eriksen says the benefits of qualifying for the Europa league outweigh the negatives. the midfielder says the lure of european football was a big part of his decision to move to white hart lane in 2013. 'i'd rather play in Europe than nothing,' he said.
andriy yarmolenko is a £15million target for french giants paris saint-germain. yarmolenko is represented by mino raiola who also looks after zlatan ibrahimovic, romelu lukaku, Mario balotelli and paul pogba. manchester united are refusing to budge on argentine forward angel di maria.
alastair cook has been working on a new, more open stance. but in the first Test against the west indies, he appears to have overdone it. compare that to the picture below, in which his front foot is far too open. it means that he doesn't have time to adjust to the delivery and set himself.
woods dropped his club at the ninth hole, face creased with pain. he claimed that a bone popped out in his right arm, but he reset it. woods did not find a solitary preferred landing area until the 13th.
Tottenham are tracking dynamicmo Kiev forward andriy Yarmolenko. Mauricio pochettino has admitted his scouts are already working on targets. the 25-year-old is entering the final year of his contract at the club.
manchester united are interested in signing goalkeeper hugo lloris. but Daniel levy is determined to keep him at white hart lane. spurs will demand a £35million price tag for the frenchman.
a second leg of the champions league quarter-final takes place on wednesday. a second-half arturo vidal penalty ensured that Juventus travel to the principality with a slender advantage. dimitar Berbatov believes a place in the last four is within their reach. the Bulgarian striker believes the french club can overturn a 1-0 deficit after defeat in the first leg in Turin last week.
the 15-month-old girl arches her back and pushes out her belly. her father also mimics the mother's pregnant walk in the background. mother, american Teri o'neil, 30, recorded the video at her home.
Osman Yaya from Bennett middle school in salisbury, Maryland, moderated a town hall session with the president on Thursday. during an answer about how to avoid writer's block, the president started getting a little long-winded and he stepped in. 'Yeah. I think you've sort of covered everything about that question,' he said as the audience laughed.
Mazzy, who suffers from spina bifida, was on board a southwest airlines flight over the us when the entire plane sang her happy birthday and moved her to tears. mom Brein Bjorson marzano was flying with mazzy and her other daughter Birkly from Tampa to Pittsburgh on their way home from vacation.
the 22-year-old has been left out of the squad for this weekend's game with metz. the winger was the subject of enquiries from spurs earlier in the year. the winger has also been watched by Chelsea and Valencia.
the driver was filmed by passengers as he sang along to a radio broadcast. the song concludes with the passenger filming saying: 'wow, that was brilliant'
incident took place in Olani village, four kilometres from manpur, india. terrified villagers watched on as the man ran towards the leopard. he beat the big cat twice on the head before it retaliated, dumping him to the ground. despite being injured, the courageous ward continued to fend off the leopard.
baron the german shepherd was captured in a video using the toilet. the five-month-old pup entered the bathroom and lifted up the toilet seat. he then climbs up balancing his paws on the raised seat cover as he relieves himself. once he's finished, he puts down both the toilet seat and flushes.
Bailey murrill, of denton, texas, was inexplicably paralyzed for 11 days. her favorite nurse came to see her after caring for her in hospital. she screamed and hugged her patient before burst into tears. the video has been viewed more than 1million times on youtube.
the PSA, created by the make it fair project, highlights the disproportionate presence that men have in influential industries like Hollywood. in the past three years, only 93 per cent of films were directed by men, and only 80 per cent were written by them. the problem exists even on the Broadway stage, with 13 out of 13 plays last year being written by men. the video comes just weeks after Rita revealed her battle with cancer and double mastectomy.
prankster uses magnifying glass to burn his unsuspecting friend in a van. he films himself and the vehicle's wing mirror through the magnifying glass. the plasterer then films his friend who looks at his phone. he then moves the magnifying glass over the top of his friend's hand.
the clawed creature can be seen biting through a steel cage with a visibly bleeding mouth. the vision has fuelled heated debates around the species of the ambiguous beast. some users claim it depicts a mythical 'water monster' and others that it is a diseased Malaysian Bear.
children blindfolded and asked to pick out their mother from group. mothers can be seen becoming emotional as they wait to see if their child will recognise them. heart-warming video was created to celebrate mother's day on may 10.
organic milk contains a third less iodine than normal milk, scientists claim. this could affect infant brain growth and intelligence later in life. organic milk industry has issued a swift rebuttal to the findings.
puppy filmed squeaking and squawking at an american kennel club centre. the two dogs are held in the air and one makes a high-pitched whining sound. the Shibu inu then begins vocalising with a yappy bark before the husky whines. people standing by laugh and put their hands to their mouths as a staff member turns to address and pacify the dog.
a snowboarder in a bright purple jacket is using a selfie stick to film himself. the show-off adjusts the camera to capture himself from the front of the slope. but as he adjusts the camera, the empty chairlift appears out of nowhere.
Harley Jolly, Tyson Barr and Nic Roy videoed themselves descending Dunedin’s Baldwin street on their trikes. the street is 350 metres long and is officially recognised by the Guinness book of records as the world’s steepest with a 35% gradient. the group hurtle towards parked cars but manage to drift around them safely before coming to a stop at the bottom.
Tanguy pepiot, a steeplechase runner for the university of Oregon, had a clear lead on rival Meron Simon, who competes for the university of washington. but pepiot raised his hands in pre-emptive joy, with less than 100m to go. the gesture seemed to sap some of his momentum, opening the way for Simon to speed towards the finish line, and beat him by a tenth of a second.
Saskia, 17, posted excerpts of the exam on twitter on monday. she scored 43.5 out of a possible 50 points, or 87 per cent. the post has since been retweeted 9,600 times, almost five times for each of her 1,900 or so followers.
footage shows his head slowly dipping down before he suddenly wakes up and refocuses his energy on the screen. he keeps repeating the same action before finally giving up and pulling a big yawn.
Michael bisping beat cb dollaway on points at ufc 186 in montreal. the manchester middleweight was disappointed not to enjoy an early night. but bisping admitted he had expected an easier fight.
Carol Bennett-Chevereau from Quebec, canada, filmed her pet moggy getting up to mischievous as he investigated a row of empty suitcases. footage shows his adventuring took a turn for the worse with him plunging headfirst into one bag and struggling to get free.
footage was captured at a birthday party in china's Sichuan province. shows a woman lying on her back with a plank of wood across her legs. placed across her outstretched legs is a plank of wood and clinging to it are two women who are about to become human weights.
Mesut Ozil visited an apple store on thursday afternoon. the midfielder took to Instagram to show off his new apple watch. the 26-year-old compared his gadget to tv character michael knight.
Chris smalling has signed a three-year contract extension at manchester united worth in the region of £80,000-a-week. the 25-year-old had been linked with a move to arsenal earlier this season. smalling had been branded'stupid' by manager louis van gaal for his sending-off in the manchester derby earlier this season. the defender has matured under van gaal and has become a regular starter in the Dutchman's team this season.
UFC light-heavyweight Jon Jones is wanted as a suspect in connection with a hit-and-run accident on sunday morning. the 27-year-old is facing a misdemeanour hit-and-run charge related to an accident involving a pregnant woman, according to albuquerque PD spokesman Simon Drobik. if found to have caused the accident, he would be liable for damages to the vehicles involved and medical costs of the 20-something woman
Pele and Franz Beckenbauer were reunited in new york on friday. the pair played together for the new york Cosmos in the 1970s. the pair turned the Empire state building green ahead of the new season.
south africa captain hashim amla has signed a short-term contract. the 31-year-old will play five matches for Derbyshire, starting next month. amla will replace new Zealander martin guptill at the crease.
baron the german shepherd was filmed as he helped get the dishes done at home in california.
Seattle's rolling neighborhood of RVs where each unassuming vehicle is a capsule home has been captured in a series of photographs by visual journalist Anna Erickson. there are around 30 drivers that float in and out of the parking lot in the sodo area of the city in Washington state.
the 48-year-old former test paceman has served his country as part of the coaching team since 2011. 'the last four years have been the best of my life,' he said.
mo farah will race over 1500 metres at the diamond league event. it will be the first time the 32-year-old has competed in 1,500m since 2013. the race will be the first time he's competed over 1500m since 2013.
researchers at the university of washington studied the telerobot Raven II. they found that robots designed for surgery could be 'easily' hacked in to. this is because they are operated over public networks which allowed the researchers to access them and stop them working. the researchers were able to change the speed of the arms of the robot and change their orientation, making it impossible for them to carry out a procedure as directed.
no one likes being rejected and in each and every case there’s nothing we can do about it. a successful entrepreneur needed to be more robust than this. so he embarked on his own rejection-proofing quest. he spent 100 days deliberately seeking out situations in which he was likely to be rejected, film them and put them up on his blog.
the Audi TT roadster 2.0 TFSI S line quattro (230PS) is fun to drive with lively acceleration that takes it from rest to 62 mph in just 6.1 seconds. the interior of a manual version of the Audi soft-top can be seen here.
Cui Hongfang, 73, died in front of horrified family members and holidaymakers. she was knocked over by the 38-year-old Canadian woman. police interviewed the tourist and ruled the death an accident.
wigan's martyn waghorn was sent off in the 53rd minute for kicking the ball at a Wigan player. the former millwall loanee was one of three players sent off in the fiesty clash. substitutes magaye gueye and Jimmy abdou scored for the hosts.
benik afobe scored the winner for wolverhampton at the DW stadium. the result leaves 10-man wigan on the verge of relegation. the latics will have to face Brentford without star man James McClean.
law student Sarah weatherill, 31, became addicted to the energy drink in 2009. she drank 24 cans a day leaving her lethargic, depressed and anxious. she was told if she cut down too quickly she could suffer a seizure. mother-of-four claims she has been cured of her addiction by hypnosis.
former Chelsea midfielder michael essien had a £75,000 range rover stolen. the 32-year-old still owns the property near Chelsea's training ground. two other vehicles, a Mercedes and a BMW, were stolen from a neighbour.
Thierry Henry believes arsenal need to sign four new players this summer. 'they need that spine, they need a goalkeeper, they still need a centre back, they still need a holding midfielder and, I’m afraid, they need a top, top-quality striker,' he said. here, sportsmail analyses the possible options for the gunners.
light heavyweight champion was involved in a hit-and-run in albuquerque. off-duty officer said he recognized him because he 'watches ufc all the time'. police said he returned for 'a large handful of cash' from the car. pregnant woman told police she broke her arm in the crash.
Suge knight, 49, was arrested for killing one man and seriously injuring another in his pickup truck in january. the death row co-founder was punched a number of times during the deadly confrontation. close-ups taken by detectives show he only had a slight black eye. the images were released along with a number of key pieces of evidence as the court was shown footage of the incident for the first time.
real madrid manager will not rush into a decision on javier Hernandez. the striker on loan from manchester united has scored four goals in four. ancelotti is willing to make a final decision once the season is over.
real madrid have 48 hours to make a decision on javier Hernandez. the clock is running down on their first option to buy the striker. the 26-year-old has scored three goals in his last two games. click here for all the latest real madrid news.
petra wetzel, 40, is a divorcee who lives in Glasgow with her son, Noah, nine. she set up her own business, the WEST brewery, in 2006. founder of one of britain’s most successful small breweries.
Randy boehning, a 52-year-old who's represented fargo since 2002, sent messages and a photo of his penis to a 21-year-old gay man in bismark. boehning claims he was outed as part of a smear campaign by a fellow lawmaker for voting against a bill that would afford protections to gays. boehning also accused an employee at his workplace of exposing him after he exposed himself
AP McCoy will race at Sandown on saturday for the last time before he retires after a successful career. to be a jockey is to live a life of denial, early nights, early mornings, restraint at the dinner table, water at the bar, long, hot baths to sweat out the weight. to be a jockey is to live a life of denial, early nights, early mornings, restraint at the dinner table, water at the
the 48-year-old rap mogul was refused an appeal to have his bail reduced from $10 million to $5 million as he awaits trial for murder and attempted murder. despite walking confidently into court, he had to be carted out in a wheelchair as judge Ronald coen rejected his pleas. but all is not lost for the co-creator of death row records, who believes his close friend, the champion boxer, will come to his aid this weekend.
Michael and Rosalia Juskin had a 'history of domestic issues' a relative discovered the bodies and called police. a motive for the apparent murder-suicide has not yet been determined.
former super middleweight champion Nigel benn is back in the ring. the 51-year-old took on former trainer Ricky hatton at his gym. benn secured 22 straight knockouts in just over two years as a professional.
Cournswood house is in the south of the county – in ten acres of secluded woodlands in the picturesque village of north Dean. wartime naval cryptographer and codebreaker Dillwyn Knox bought it in 1921 and lived there until his death in 1943. the current owner, businesswoman Sharon constancon, is related to the Leon family who once owned Bletchley park.
police in Houston say a 34-year-old man got behind the wheel of his car while under the influence, leaving a path of destruction in his wake. Blaine boudreaux has been charged with intoxication manslaughter, intoxicated assault and failure to stop and render aid involving death in connection to at least three separate DUI collisions. the 34-year-old, who also has a history of DUIs in his native Louisiana, was allegedly drunk when he ran a red light
the codpieces used in the hit bbc drama were too small, says expert. academic said they were meant to draw attention to the region. mark rylance blamed the diminutive size on a 'directive from our american producers'
micah Richards is on loan at italian side fiorentina from manchester city. his contract at city expires at the end of the season, when he becomes a free agent. he has delayed his summer holidays until he knows where he will play next season.
Nicholas tooth collapsed after hitting his head on an opponent's shoulder. the 25-year-old was playing for the quirindi lions against the narrabri blue boars in mid-north NSW on saturday. he was airlifted to Newcastle's John Hunter hospital in a critical condition. but he passed away late on sunday at the hospital.
Paige vanZant and Felice herrig will face each other in the Octagon on saturday night. the pair had to be separated after getting too close during the traditional staredown in times square. vanZant has been hyped as the next big thing despite only having fought five times.
former 2day FM co-host has written an open letter to the media. the letter warns of the harmful consequences of always seeking for a new angle on world events. in 2012, a prank call during the duchess of cambridge's first pregnancy resulted in the death of the nurse who took the call. the duchess of cambridge is believed to be overdue by five days.
Paige vanZant won by lop-sided scores of 30-26, 30-26 and 30-27. it was just the 21-year-old's second fight in the promotion. vanZant has only fought six times as a professional.
west ham striker Andy Carroll has had knee surgery in dubai. the 26-year-old is currently overseas with a physio and his pregnant fiancee billi mucklow as he continues his recovery. however, the striker will not have a break over the summer and will instead be working hard at the club's training ground.
chelsea beat manchester united 1-0 at stamford bridge on saturday. jose mourinho's side had 70 per cent possession at the end of the game. mourinho has come under fire for his side's lack of possession.
more than 70 per cent of those who voted believe manchester united will win title next season. louis van gaal is starting to assert himself at old trafford after a stuttering start. if he is to take united back to the very top, he'll need more than Memphis depay. van gaal knows he will not be judged on his ability to repair the damage done by David moyes. but his record will need to stand comparison with that of sir alex
Martin Odegaard was pictured with former brazil international Ronaldo. the pair were at the club he spent five years at during his playing career. the 16-year-old took to social media to share the picture of the pair.
David Raven scored the winner for inverness against celtic. the 30-year-old has been released by shrewsbury and tranmere in recent years. but what can we deduce about the state of Scottish football?
lone lioness single-handedly fell a towering giraffe in Hwange national park, Zimbabwe. the predator looked to be getting in difficulty as she struggled to take down the tall animal. but the reason for her tenacity soon became apparent as she had precious cubs to feed.
a spokesman for the car maker has confirmed that the standard issue Chevrolet express police transport van has bolts that are built into the door. he said that law enforcement agencies are known to customise their own vehicles and that the Baltimore police department may have done so to their fleet. the development raises a number of questions about the official account put out by the force in a report of its internal investigation into Freddie gray's death.
the 23-year-old has been linked with a move to the premier league this summer. he has been capped at youth level by spain, having started at atletico madrid. the midfielder has made 84 appearances for the Serie a club this season.
labourer noeleen foster captured the suggestively shaped formation above Zuccoli, 25km southeast of Darwin. the mother of-four said she was 'pretty shocked when I saw it' last year, a nature photographer captured another famous phallic cloud in central england.
adverts that graced newspapers and magazines in the latter half of the 20th century are a time capsule from a bygone era. with wide collars, precision-cut suits and intense expressions, the men in the ads have something of the don draper from mad men. ad brains behind the ads are clearly convinced it will sell more dubonnet, a wine-based aperitif.
a photo taken by photographer Patrick semansky captures the moment one police officer threw a rock back at protesters while his fellow cops looked on. a video of one intense interaction between a group of rioters and police showed a similar scene, though it's unclear whether the clip captured the same officer. fifteen police officers were injured Monday night, including two who were in serious condition.
Marlon Samuels grafted his way to 103 against england in the second test. west indies are losing players to the easier option of the ipl. it is understandable because of the money that can be made there.
Floyd mayweather dismisses conor McGregor's recent comments. mayweather claims the boxer is just looking for publicity for his fight. McGregor faces Manny Pacquiao in under two weeks.
new Zealander Philip Lyle Hansen, 56, is accused of removing women’s teeth with pliers and a screwdriver during sex. he has pleaded not guilty to 11 charges, including unlawful sexual connection and wounding with intent to injure four women between 1988 and 2011. a woman, 47, told the court she never consented to Hansen pulling out her teeth but was too ‘afraid’ to say anything.
calling himself 'volcano', the 31-year-old musician was filmed in the conflict-ravaged city of Benghazi. intense fighting between the rebels and regime forces over the past few months has reduced much of the city to rubble.
public housing tenants will pay a bond under a plan to recoup losses. the cost of repairs and maintenance on taxpayer-funded housing has hit $12 million a year in NSW alone. communities minister Brad hazzard said it was a'very likely possibility' the plan would be implemented in the near future.
former treasurer slams the government's approach to taxation as a'morbid joke'. 'the government needs to restart the conversation about getting taxes down, not up,' he said. 'if i had the same revenue as he had, then i'd be getting $25 billion extra each year to spend on things,' treasurer Joe hockey said.
teana Walsh, an assistant prosecutor in Detroit, made the post on facebook. she said: 'i don't care what causes the protestors to turn violent...what the "they did it because" reason" is... no way is this acceptable. flipping disgusting' she later changed her mind and deleted the post.
James and Vicki travelled to the sonesta beach resort in Sharm El sheikh. but within hours of arriving they became violently ill with sickness. the 30-year-old has since developed Irritable Bowel syndrome.
researchers studied stone tools used by people in the early. Ahmarian culture and the protoaurignacian culture, living in south and west.europe and west Asia around 40,000 years ago. they used small stone points as tips for hunting weapons like throwing spears. but they were no more effective than Neanderthal-created tools. discovery means we may need to rethink reasons humans survived Neanderthals.
two cranes, seven police cars, two fire engines and 11 medics were called in. the seven-hour operation involved two cranes, seven police cars, two fire engines and 11 medics. the 22-year-old, who weighs 55st, was lifted from her home in south wales. she is 5ft 6in tall and lives on a 13,000-calorie-a-day junk food binge.
former army general reportedly promised to publicly support the president if he granted clemency to australians Andrew Chan and myuran sukumaran. it's understood he penned a letter to the president at the weekend. he said that if the president were to 'postpone the executions indefinitely', he would come out in support of the decision. this comes after a senior Indonesian government official praised the firing squad that executed the Bali Nine pair
earth's continents are slowly moving together, and in 50 to 200 million years they are expected to form a new supercontinent called amasia. in 2012 a study suggested this may be centered on the north pole. recent evidence is revealing how this will compare to the ancient supercontinents rodinia and pangaea.
manchester united scouts watched porto striker Jackson Martinez last week. the 28-year-old wants to leave porto this summer and will listen to offers. united are looking to add two strikers this summer.
Tesla has unveiled a $3,000 (£1,980) home battery that can power an entire house for eight hours. powerwall is three feet wide and four feet tall, weighs 220lbs, and can be installed on an outside or inside wall. it can store electricity at night when it is cheaper. users can then switch the battery on during the day to use the home during the day. the 'daily use' version has a capacity of 7 kilowatt-hours, which is
Manchester city striker Natasha Flint bagged a first-half hat-trick as the young lions squad came from goal down to win. the defeat to Norway could yet prove costly as England can now only make it to this summer's finals in Israel as best-placed runners up.
alastair cook's innings into day three in grenada was spot-on. he worked his way to an encouraging 50 but was out for 76. it is nonsense to say a batsman who has hit 25 test hundreds cannot drive the ball.
toya Graham, a single mother-of-six, was caught on camera whacking her 16-year-old son Michael, pulling off his ski mask and chasing him down the street. the riots broke out following the death of 25-year-old Freddie gray earlier this month who died of a spinal cord injury after being taken into custody by police. her actions have drawn praise from moms across the country along with the Baltimore police chief who said: 'i wish there were more parents out
two incidents have raised concerns about the security of shipping lanes in the strategic Strait of Hormuz. the first incident was revealed by the Pentagon after Iranian guards seized MV maersk Tigris this week. four days later, Iranian boats forced a Marshall Islands-flagged ship, the maersk Tigris, to Iran's larak island after firing warning shots.
supermodel, 65, models new summer range for high street store. takes inspiration from 70s trends seen on the catwalks this season. says she has never had cosmetic surgery but hasn't ruled it out.
Ramsey believes that covert racism still exists in football boardrooms. he believes that the implementing of a Rooney rule could help raise awareness of the 'covert' issue. the only black manager in the premier league takes his side to west brom on saturday.
Versace designer donatella versace, 59, is set to appear in a new ad campaign not for her own brand, but for rival design house givenchy. givenchy designer Riccardo tisci, 40, revealed the surprising pick for his fall-winter campaign on Instagram yesterday. donatella regularly appears in ads for her own design house, versace.
former two-weight world champion stopped by officials at Dubai airport. accused of writing a cheque which bounced as payment for a new property. the 34-year-old has been unable to leave the united arab emirates.
Joe root has bounced back from a difficult ashes tour to prove himself as a quality test batsman. he has produced hundred after hundred to ensure he will not be left out in a hurry again. root should not be moved up the batting card when he is going so well at five.
Raheem sterling was allegedly seen smoking a shisha pipe on sunday. the 20-year-old was pictured taking a drag from the large orange pipe. sterling recently snubbed a new £100,000-a-week contract at anfield.
former ole miss star was mocked by television reporter two years ago. she said: 'he mocking anyone now?' after he was suspended. but he has had the last laugh after he jumped on a drugs bust. los angeles kings player Jarret Stoll was arrested in a drugs bust last week. he was accused of trying to smuggle cocaine and MDMA into the hotel.
a rare deep sea oarfish washed up on a salt marsh in new zealand. the serpent like specimen was found by a local man at the entrance of the Otago harbour, in Dunedin on Thursday. samples of the bizaree creature, known to swim vertically as well self-amputate its own tail, were sent to see Otago museum for testing. scientists have been unable to explain why they self-amputate, but some have proposed it
anders lindegaard and misse beqiri married in a romantic beach wedding. the couple have been dating since 2012 and have a son together. beqiri regularly posts modelling photos on her Instagram page.
David howman, director general of the world anti-doping agency, said this week that he was disappointed Armstrong hadn't apologised for costly and time-consuming lawsuits. howman initially indicted he could meet with Armstrong, then backed off under advice from WADA lawyers. howman did not immediately respond to requests for comment.
former head of international cycling unhappy with 'biased' CIRC report. he has rejected a call from current president Brian cookson to resign. verbruggen says he will fight any attempt to remove him as honorary president.
Patrick vieira is set to complete his UEFA pro licence this summer. he has been taking his coaching badges with the Welsh football association. vieira's contract at city is due to expire at the end of the season.
manchester united lost 3-0 to everton at old trafford on sunday. louis van gaal's side played like sunderland on a bad day. without michael carrick they look far more beatable. daley blind is a poverty-stricken pauper's version of carrick in that position.
arsenal drew 0-0 with chelsea at the emirates on sunday afternoon. the gunners needed to win to keep their title hopes alive. but the big man didn't do enough against the blues on sunday.
Mike Coupe, 53, was convicted of embezzlement last september. former business partner amr el-nasharty accused him of trying to seize cheques. he is believed to have travelled to the middle eastern country to appeal the conviction, which dates back to when he didn't work at the firm.
carles puyol is believed to be training ahead of a return to football. the 36-year-old retired last may after 15 years at his boyhood club. reports claim he could join up with new york city or al-sadd.
Russian man was filming in snow-covered mountains when he was injured. he was struck by a falling icicle which caused a blood clot and swelling. he decided to perform surgery on himself while lying in the snow. he used snow as anaesthetic and burnt a scalpel on a gas torch.
rickie Lambert joined liverpool from southampton last summer. the striker has scarcely been given a chance since joining the reds. the decision to ignore him in favour of Mario balotelli is completely illogical. balotelli has to go down as Liverpool's worst-ever signing.
researchers at Yahoo labs in california have created a sensor that can recognise the unique shape of your ear or any other body part. it turns a standard touchscreen into a biometric scanner removing the need to specialist hardware such as fingerprint readers or infrared cameras. bodyprint was devised by Christian Holz, Senaka buthpitiya, and Marius Knaust from the California-based Yahoo labs. details of its algorithm are included in their paper, Bodyprint:
Ssangyong (korean for 'two dragons') launches a new sports utility vehicle. the five-door runaround is powered by 1.6 litre Euro 6 petrol and diesel engines. it arrives in the uk this summer in three trim levels - SE, EX, ELX.
toby, 25, stars in the new summer ad for men's clothing brand, jacamo. he is joined by professional cricketer, Freddie Flintoff, 37, in the campaign. the ad is filmed in palma, majorca and sees toby in a tailored suit. Freddie has been the face of jacamo for four years.
robots are programmed to lift cars that are up to two tons in weight. collectively called 'autonomous multi-robot system for vehicle extraction and transportation' created by a consortium led by the democritus university of thrace in greece.
russian space agency, Roscosmos, is attempting to regain control of a spaceship that is spinning out of control in orbit. progress M-27M appears to have suffered a major malfunction moments after launch at 3:09 am EDT (07:09 GMT) from Kazakhstan. it was due to dock with the ISS six hours after take off, but that plan has now been 'indefinitely abandoned' a video camera on progress showed it to be spinning at a 'rather significant
Taline Gabrielian, 33, of Sydney's northern beaches, has recreated the entire range of chocolate bar favourites. her best-selling food app, hippie lane, is consistently sitting in the top three of'most popular food and drink' apps on iTunes. while the classic top five favourite bars are by far her most popular, her mint slice, caramel and choc cheesecake also go down a treat too.
Matthew colvin, 26, was behind bars on Tuesday in southhaven, Mississippi, and will be extradited back to Memphis on Wednesday. an employee discovered the glasses, valued at more than $2,000, had been taken out of a display case during business hours. an investigator lifted prints and matched them to colvin.
Salt card was created by Joel paglione and niko zistakis. it connects to an app on a user’s android handset or iphone via bluetooth. device automatically unlocks a phone or tablet whenever the user is nearby. device locks again as soon as a user moves out of range at a distance of 10 feet (three metres) salt card is made of durable plastic with a matte finish. it's three times as thick because it has to be big enough to store the battery
wba super-middleweight champion was due to fight in las vegas this month. but a shoulder injury forced him to withdraw from the bout. he will now face andrzej fonfara at a catchweight of 172lb.
online fitness company Protein world posted controversial ad on the london underground, asking: 'are you beach body ready?' feminists and body image campaigners branded the poster 'body-shaming' and called for it to be removed. now internet pranksters have hit back with their own version of the poster, featuring three curvaceous women and the caption: 'yes. we are beach body ready'
Fabio created a short video that played following the trailers of fast and furious 7 showcasing pictures from where they met in australia. the 30-year-old then got down on one knee in the Cineworld in Gloucester and popped the question to his girlfriend Laura Knight, 29.
bombardier beetle mixes chemicals in internal'reaction chamber' when threatened, the diminutive bug can repeatedly fire streams of foul-smelling liquid from its rear, complete with 'gun smoke' this behaviour has been caught on camera by researchers at the university of arizona. study reveals beetle's firing apparatus in never-before-seen detail.
the Rubber Bowl in Akron, ohio, was built in 1939 and served as the home for the university of akron's football team for 68 years. the stadium hosted acts like the rolling stones, ringo starr, black Sabbath, Simon & garfunkel, Alice cooper, Bon jovi, van Halen, Metallica and more. the city of Akron owned the stadium after it was built, but let the university purchase the title to the stadium
andre ward has not fought since beating edwin rodriguez on points in november 2013. the fight in Oakland, california will not be for the world super-middleweight title. but it amounts to a huge, albeit daunting, opportunity for the 32-year-old.
Jason Matthews, 40, left his car in a side street before the manchester marathon. when he finished he was unable to remember where he had parked it. he spent hours searching for his car, even retracing some of the route. but his car has now been found safe and sound by a good samaritan.
the pups were apparently discovered in a discarded shoe box on Tuesday afternoon and taken to the humane society for immediate treatment. a note on the cardboard container indicated they were born last friday and their mother had died.
the performance of Jimmy Anderson on the last morning of the second test was one of the greatest i have seen from an english cricketer. but the key to this win was the captaincy and batting of alastair cook. england must remember that they had the best conditions against the eighth-ranked side in the world.
Jack Grealish was pictured inhaling nitrous oxide through a balloon. the 19-year-old inspired aston villa to their FA cup semi-final win over Liverpool. the winger has assured manager tim sherwood he will not repeat his mistake.
Jordan meikle was filmed approaching spectator's barriers at the marathon. the 23-year-old carefully removed a ring box from a bag around his waist. while stretching he gets down on one knee and produces a ring from behind his back. his girlfriend, Kayleigh Harris, appears speechless by the sudden gesture.
Tony Abbott was asked to have a drink by university of technology Sydney bats coach Simon carradous. it took the prime minister about six seconds to down the schooner. players cheered and chanted'skol' and 'tony'
exotic pet owner held her hand steady as tarantula bit her hand. later suffered a reaction to the spider's venom. species of tarantula has low toxicity venom similar to bee sting.
officers searched an noor community centre in west London last night. they also visited the home of burnell Mitchell, 61, a director at the community centre where imam Abdul hadi arwani used to preach. last night police revealed they had arrested a 61-year-old man on suspicion of conspiracy to commit murder.
AP McCoy rode his final race on box office at Sandown on saturday. the former jockey admitted he was going to miss what he did. he has a bucket list of things he wants to do now he is no longer a jockey. he has challenged channel 4 presenter and tennis fan Emma Spencer.
the cute calf had been taking a stroll through the bush with his mother. pair came across a dirt track road at Idube game reserve in south africa. but when the baby elephant rushed to catch her up he appeared to get his leg caught in the grass.
AP McCoy has won virtually every big race in the calendar. but his greatest feat has to be the immense tally of winners he has ridden. here, peter scudamore identifies what he believes are the 10 finest achievements of Saturday's retiring champion.
custom-built Boeing 747 is believed to have cost its owner £400million. jumbo jet contains a dining room, lounge and'state room' at the back. tycoon will be able to fit up to dozens of passengers in the 'aeroloft'
Portland Timbers host rivals Seattle sounders on monday at 2:30am uk time. defender Liam Ridgewell's family have been visiting the u.s. for the season. the 30-year-old says the atmosphere in the city is special.
the footage was captured by a visitor to the ABQ biopark zoo in albuquerque. it shows the youngster named jazmine approaching its mother Rozie. with its front left leg already placed on its mother’s neck, the youngster clambers onto her with its right leg.
the fulton county medical examiner's office identified the woman as 25-year-old Alexia Christian. the incident happened on Thursday afternoon near the fulton county courthouse in downtown Atlanta. police were investigating a call about a stolen car when the two officers saw Christian sitting inside the vehicle in a parking deck. at one point she fired at least two shots at the officers, and they returned fire, fatally wounding her.
lada's 4x4 Niva has long been the car that bucked the trend of laughing at the Russian carmaker. it has won fans around the world thanks to its robust nature and chunky looks. the car is also available in a compact van format (£10,590, excluding VAT and road tax)
Roger, an alpha male at the Alice springs kangaroo sanctuary in the northern territory, was gifted his new friend by a fan. the kangaroo quickly became attached to the bunny, but soon tired of it. sanctuary manager Chris Barnes said he attempted to take the bunny off Roger but was met with hostility.
seven-year-old lacey. McCarty, six-year-old Phillip McCarty and five-month-old Christopher. Swist died allegedly at the hands of their mother, Jessica. McCarty, in palm bay, florida, on march 20. her partner, christopher. swing, who was on a break at the time of the alleged killings, had nicknames for all of the children and coached the two oldest in little league baseball.
Hector morejon, 19, was shot by a police officer, who allegedly thought the 19-year-old was pointing a gun at him during a trespassing and vandalism incident. according to his attorney, his mother, Lucia morejon, was at home when she heard the shots. she went to an alley near her home to see what happened and then realized it was her son in the ambulance. 'when he saw her, he propped himself partially up and cried
sportsmail counts down the 20 greatest shots ever seen at augusta. the 79th edition of the masters kicks off on tuesday. the list includes shots from the likes of rory mcilroy and phil mickelson.
the lingerie giant this week added ten new angels to its roster. one lucky Brit named Stella maxwell has made the cut. the 24-year-old now splits her time between new york and los angeles.
a report claims Freddie gray broke his neck after falling into the back of the police van as it was moving. medical and law enforcement sources told ABC news there was 'no evidence' Gray sustained a fatal spine injury during his arrest. it is believed he was standing in the van, bent over with his hand cuffed behind his back and his head pointing towards the back door. it is believed he fell into the door, breaking his neck.
a fly swooped in to have a lick of a frozen beef steak in new zealand. it was captured enjoying itself as it fastens its tongue onto the steak. the fly then goes to fly away when suddenly it notices that it is stuck. it tries hard to set itself free by beating its legs, heaving itself backwards and twisting slightly.
five-year-old has had enough of living with her mother for five years. decides to give her mother a telling-off about the'mess' in their house. 'if Tanner wants me to move, I'm moving!' says her mother.
the inaugural Chinese grand prix was held at the shanghai circuit in 2004. it was held as a potential title decider late on in the year (2004-2008) or as an early opener (2009-present). the track layout is also a challenging design, with a long straight and hairpin turn in particular. a good run out on to the back straight is a catalyst for the classic trademark move going into the penultimate corner.
Bahrain was the first country in the middle east to hold a f1 world championship grand prix. protests led to the event being cancelled in 2011. but you won't be hard pressed to create a top five Bahrain grand prix list.
Lewis Hamilton extended his lead in the formula one world championship. the briton claimed his third win in four races to extend his lead to 27 points. mercedes team-mate Nico Rosberg finished second ahead of ferrari team-mate sebastian vettel.
sportsmail counts down the 20 greatest shots ever seen at the masters. mark o'meara, bubba watson and Billy Joe patton all feature. phil mickelson, rory mcilroy and rory mcilroy also feature.
Lewis Hamilton won the Chinese grand prix to extend his lead at the top of the drivers' championship. mercedes team-mate Nico Rosberg finished second with ferrari's Sebastian Vettel third. kimi raikkonen finished fourth with ferrari's valtteri bottas fifth.
zifar ansari has been called up to the england squad for odi against ireland. the 23-year-old left-arm spinner is halfway through a masters in politics. ansari is the most academically gifted cricketer since ed smith in 2003.
former arsenal flop Nicklas bendtner was dropped from the squad. the 27-year-old turned up late for training on friday. manager dieter hecking said he would have started if he hadn't.
gorilla at Omaha's Henry doorley zoo decides enough is enough. launches himself at the family, hitting the glass with such force it cracks.
the away contingent are currently crammed into a corner of the ground. manager Eddie howe prefers the away fans not to be behind one of the goals to give his players a psychological advantage when they are playing in front of a home crowd. officials are considering doubling the south stand from its current 2,500 seats to 5,000.
the new home kit was unveiled at anfield on friday afternoon. the gingham design is the first offering from us sports brand new balance. sterling, Daniel sturridge, Martin skrtel and simon mignolet were on hand to present the strip to fans in the Centenary stand.
Liverpool have become the first premier league club to release their new kit. it ends three seasons of the reds having their kit manufactured by Warrior where, despite a string of smart home strips, away kits ranged from the bright to the bizarre. sportsmail picks out its five favourites from over the years.
Manchester united will have to wear their old kit during their summer tour of the us. club are expected to jet across the Atlantic in July for a trip of around 12 days. there is no buy-out clause in their £750m, 10-year deal with adidas.
west ham have announced a five-year deal with umbro to supply their kits. the club last wore an umbro kit between 2007 and 2010. they will return to the brand for their final season at the boleyn ground.
at least 10,000 supporters boycotted last weekend's defeat at home to spurs. supporters group have asked fans to 'Stand Up To Ashley' on saturday. the protest will target sports direct stores within a 20-mile radius.
the best way to revive a stale loaf of bread is to run it under water. then put it in the oven for between 6 and 13 minutes depending on how large and how wet the loaf is. experts say it works because: 'the water turns to steam, which rehydrates the bread’s crumb, or interior'
van gaal was unhappy with the amount of travelling united had to do last summer. the dutchman has agreed to take the club on a four-game pre-season tour. united will face club America, san jose earthquakes, barcelona and psg. click here for more manchester united news.
Ben Stokes has forged a reputation as a fiery character in the team. he clashed with marlon Samuels during the second test between west indies and england. but he responded positively to the row after talking to coach peter Moores. england must make sure they do not quash that natural exuberance.
Chelsea will play a pre-season friendly against french side paris saint-germain. the blues were knocked out of the champions league by psg this season. the club will also face the new york red bulls and barcelona in the summer.
the most searched for term globally is HIV and AIDS, followed by herpes and then HPV which can cause cervical cancer. in the UK, chlamydia seemed to cause most concern, and is the most commonly diagnosed STD in the country according to official figures. in the us, herpes was the most searched for term across the country, with Georgia being the state with the most searches for the virus.
Kaka knelt in the centre circle after AC Milan's champions league final win. he was wearing a vest on which he had printed the proud statement 'I belong to Jesus'. 'i can't remember anybody screaming that what he had done was a disgrace'.
the only black manager in the premier league is a fine coach. he has been overlooked for countless jobs. if he is sacked, people will say it was about results, not race. race was why he had to take the job in the first place.
pay-per-view watchers in the u.s. will have to pay up to $100 (£67.48) to watch the fight. mayweather has commissioned a mouthguard stuffed with $100 bills. the value of the richest fight of all time keeps rising ever closer to the half-billion mark.
Pattie was famously married to both George Harrison and Eric Clapton. yesterday she wed for a third time, this time with property developer rod weston. the setting was very rock and roll; Chelsea register office on the King’s road. there were no groupies or hangers-on as there had been when she married Clapton in 1979 or Harrison in 1966.
the 20-year-old has been labelled an ingrate and a fool. he has been called avaricious, capricious, disloyal and impressionable. sterling has not signed the lucrative new contract that the club have put in front of him. he gave an interview to the BBC that he had not cleared with the club.
promoter Eddie hearn has been 'disrespectful' to his rivals, says father. 'if he carries on like that the Brook fight will not take place,' says Shah. 'he keeps shouting about how much the fight is worth but i don't care about the money. for amir it's more about the big fights and his status in boxing,' he adds. 'he seems a good lad. it's
boxing’s spoiled, sycophantic world champion is a brilliant performer in the ring. he has spent his adult life over-compensating for the deprivation he once knew. the mouthguard he will wear on Saturday night cost $25,000 and is inlaid with a $100 bill. mayweather has faced a string of accusations of violence against women. he spent two months in the Clark county detention center in 2012 for a domestic violence conviction.
Jimmy Anderson needs just four wickets to go level with sir Ian botham as the top wicket taker in a test. the first test in antigua on monday will be his 100th for the england side. he 'wouldn't say boo to a goose', says old county captain Warren hegg. he surprised his new county colleagues by bowling fast and shaping it away.
the 34-year-old defender is enjoying some of the best football of his career. part of his success comes from the way the team is set up in front of him. he was always able to anticipate where arsenal wanted to play the game. after the half time break, the tempo appeared to drop for the gunners.
arsene wenger's philosophy has made arsenal popular around the world. but on sunday, he is up against the ultimate pragmatist — jose mourinho. chelsea have conceded just two goals in their last six clashes with arsenal, keeping four clean sheets in the process. arsenal should dominate possession while Chelsea are more likely to sit deep and use the electric pace of Eden Hazard and willian on the break.
Sami khedira has not played as often as he would have liked at real madrid. the german international is being courted by several clubs. manchester united and Chelsea are among those interested.
Paris saint-Germain have opened primary discussions with Paul pogba over a possible move from Juventus. the french champions were kept informed even though no formal offer has yet been made to the club for the player. psg striker Edinson cavani has a meeting scheduled with his brother and agent on Wednesday as he discusses his options. sevilla are weighing up a return for Manchester city winger Jesus Navas.
fans will be charged for admission to a weigh-in for the first time in the annals of boxing. the decision was made in the interests of safety, not profit. up to 200,000 visitors are expected to pour into Vegas this fight week.
aston villa have struggled in recent seasons but are now a proper club. they were one of the founder members of the football league. fans must be patient as they look to get back to where they belong.
ander Herrera has impressed for real sociedad and athletic bilbao. the 25-year-old's absence from the starting line-up earlier this season was noted. former barcelona director of football txiki begiristain also considered Herrera when he first joined manchester city.
'relevo' in this context is like'relief' in the armed forces term for the relief watch. the natural place to look for fresh, young, well-drilled recruits is in the academy graduates. xavi, carles puyol, xabi alonso, Carlos marchena and Joan capdevila have done their hard miles.'relevo' in this context is like'relief' — as in the armed forces term
the fixture between blue-collar Marseille and money-bags psg guarantees ferocity. culturally, socially and historically, there is deep enmity. but it also pitches Marseille’s ultra-eccentric, ‘is he a fraud/is he a genius?’ coach, Marcelo bielsa, right where he wants to be. bielsa took 7,000 videos of matches, goals, players, free-kicks, corners and penalties with him
Patrick vieira could be next in line to replace manuel pellegrini at manchester city. the frenchman captained the gunners during their 4-2 defeat to manchester united at the etihad stadium. he was a ferocious competitor on the pitch but off it he is a class act. vieira will feel slightly uncomfortable being linked to the top job.
Jack Grealish has become the third top flight starlet caught on camera inhaling nitrous oxide. he was outstanding for aston villa in their FA cup semi-final win over Liverpool at wembley on sunday. arsene wenger said as professional athletes we had a duty to look after our bodies.
steve davis has failed to qualify for the world snooker championships at the age of 57. west indies batsman shvnarine chanderpaul is a throwback to when test cricket was true to its roots. f1's daniel ricciardo has been a revelation this season. what is the point of the grand national?
arsene wenger and jose mourinho drew 0-0 at the emirates on sunday. the game was billed as a classic managerial match-up, not a sprint. despite this, both bosses were far from combative in their pre match interviews.
Jack Wilshere is not for sale at the end of the season, not to anyone. the 23-year-old is a product of the fabled Hale end academy. he will sit down with his father, Andy, at the end of the season.
the cricket world cup reached places we couldn't have imagined. the future of test cricket could be in line for a change with Colin graves. a Neville takes charge of england and it's not looking good for the Rickies. it's all change for Kevin sinfield as he switches codes from league to union.
IAN LADYMAN reveals what's been making him feel warm this week. defender Chris smalling has been at the forefront of united's resurgence. phil neville and aaron ramsey have been in fine form this season.
real madrid have lost almost one out of every three matches in 2015. ancelotti's side have lost to atletico madrid four times in a season. the italian is now a black smudge on the club's pristine-white history.
Oscar hasn't played a full 90 minutes for chelsea since mid-january. the winger has been called out by players for being too defensive. the exchanges between Mourinho and Cristiano Ronaldo in the dressing room at real madrid start on page 138 and finish five pages later.
Harry redknapp joined BT sport presenter Jake Humphrey for live broadcast. former tottenham boss was in fine form as he pundit for arsenal vs liverpool. redknapp said he thinks sterling needs to sign his contract.
the 19-year-old possesses the same 'wow' factor as world no 1 Rory McIlroy. she hit drives that pitched past mine at the Ricoh women's british open. if she keeps up her progress, she can make it to the top of the game.
wembley hosted the two semi-finals of the fa cup this weekend. it was the first time the semi-finals of the competition had been at wembley. the other semi-final was between arsenal and reading at the emirates.
the new masters champion has competed in four events in a row. despite the fatigue, he flew to south carolina to keep his promise to play in the RBC heritage tournament. he also committed to playing in two tournaments next month in his home state. the BMW PGA championship will be played at wentworth next month.
gareth bale has indicated publicly that he wants to stay at real madrid. sources in spain suggest the club could be willing to offload the winger. bale could be sold as they pursue a deal for borussia Dortmund star Marco Reus.
Gary neville co-commentated on the manchester derby with Martin Tyler. he said: 'Smalling has scored. it's a mauling for city' after the fourth goal. neville also said: 'we've got a proper game of football here'. neville is the reigning rts pundit of the year.
jordan spieth won the 79th masters at augusta on sunday. the 21-year-old embraced his father, mother, brother and college sweetheart. he then went back onto the 18th green to formally acknowledge the crowd.
a potential domestic auction could be sparked for the purchase of sterling. it could decide which of Chelsea, manchester city or manchester united lure gareth bale from real madrid. bale's £75m fee and near £300,000-a-week wages mean his acquisition would restrict other signings under financial fair play guidelines. stance of the liverpool hierarchy is they will not scrap their salary ladder scale for sterling.
Tiger woods made his first public appearance in 60 days since announcing a hiatus from golf. the american was greeted by a warm welcome from the crowd at augusta. he hit 16 chips from the front and right of the green and none were chunked.
Raheem sterling has rejected a new £100,000-a-week contract with liverpool. the 20-year-old is entitled to 'buy-out' the last year of his current contract. the effect of that would see the fee Liverpool could command dramatically reduce. it is understood the reds value sterling as high as £50million.
nico rosberg finished second to his team-mate Lewis Hamilton in china. the german driver blamed the brit for slowing down and bunching him up. but his attitude seems to have changed in the aftermath of the spa crash.
Tim Krul appeared to congratulate sunderland striker jermain Defoe at half-time during the Wear-tyne derby. sportsmail's Jamie carragher has criticised the goalkeeper's actions. he said: 'i have nothing against Krul, personally or professionally'
arsenal have finished a season with a string of good results. but don't be fooled into thinking everything is in place for a title challenge. the same thing has happened this year with Chelsea. arsene wenger said recently he could ‘smell something happening’. this is the summer when arsenal must go for the big additions.
Chelsea winger Eden Hazard is among the front runners to win the pfa player of the year award this season. manchester united goalkeeper David de gea is also in the running. united face chelsea at stamford bridge on saturday.
howe's team are dynamic, full of hungry players with a point to prove. callum Wilson is like Ian Wright, an exploding champagne bottle of a player. howe is peaceful during a game, relaxed, quiet and controlled.
Michael Owen was the new kid on the block in the premier league. he scored a hat-trick in a 3-3 draw with Sheffield Wednesday in 1998. the expectation surrounding the striker escalated. four-and-a-half months later he scored against argentina.
Memphis depay scored his 20th goal of the season as PSV won the eredivisie title with three games to spare. the 21-year-old winger is the league's top goalscorer, without even being the club's main forward. depay's 20 goals have contributed 12 points, which just so happens to be the difference between them and second-placed ajax. depay has been linked with a £25m move to manchester united. click here for all
manchester united scored four goals against man city on sunday. marouane fellaini has become united's go-to midfielder this season. a michael carrick injury could be the final straw for manager louis van gaal.
aston villa beat liverpool 1-0 at wembley to reach the final of the fa cup. jack Grealish and fabian delph were outstanding for the hosts. delph is quick but has a languid style similar to former liverpool and england star Steve McManaman.
sportsmail's Jamie redknapp picks his top five goals of the weekend. from jermain Defoe's match-winning volley in the derby, to Charlie Adam's audacious long-range effort against chelsea. click here to see how sportsmail rated the weekend's goals.
barnet manager Martin'mad dog' allen talks about how important it is for troops to follow orders during this crucial stage of the season. at whatever level it is always important to have all your players going in one direction. if you’ve got one person wanting to go a different way, something is going to crack and the team ethic and unity will be broken.
promoter eddie hearn produced a cheque for £1.5million on tuesday. hearn says he is willing to take all the risks to make the fight happen. fight will take place at the Manchester arena on the 18th of July.
aston villa take on liverpool in the FA cup semi-final at wembley. the match is both sides' last chance to win any silverware this season. sportsmail columnist Jamie redknapp looks ahead to the showdown.
OLIVIER GIROUD and KOLO TOURE are in contention to replace Martin skrtel. if dejan lovren is fit, don't be surprised if Giroud gets on the scoresheet. per mertesacker is expected to line-up against a fit-again daniel sturridge.
Samburgess is set to start at blindside flanker for second time on friday. he began his union career in the centre but is set to finish the season as a back rower. bath head coach michael ford made the decision after the champions cup quarter-final against leinster.
england face italy in a friendly at wembley on tuesday night. when carrick came on, the difference between the first and second half was like night and day. it has been frustrating to see him unappreciated in this country.
Mesut ozil is an easy target for ex-pros and pundits, but when at his best he is worth paying to watch. the german has been involved in seven goals in his last eight league games, scoring three and setting up four. ozil only played for 73 minutes against liverpool, but made 47 passes in the opposition half, more than any other player.
Carl has not fought since beating George Groves at wembley last may. he has kept in shape and weighs 12st 7lbs despite being away from the ring. there are three big fights coming up where the winner could work for him.
chelsea should have had a penalty when Oscar was clipped by bellerin. referee, michael Oliver, was more decisive when Cesc Fabregas went to ground after feeling contact from Santi cazorla. the fall was exaggerated and theatrical and might have influenced Oliver.
richie benaud was one of cricket's great personalities. he was a daring captain and became the first cricketer to score 2,000 runs and take 200 wickets in tests. he was the voice of cricket for generations, commentating in his native australia and for the BBC.
UEFA has ordered the final 18 seconds of the european women's under 19 championship qualifier between england and Norway to be replayed following a refereeing error. referee marija kurtes made an identical error in the 96th minute of england's 2-1 'defeat' of slovenia. the error was caused by a similar refereeing error in a 2006 world cup qualifier between uzbekistan and Bahrain
Scott dann was a fraction offside when he set up Glenn Murray for palace's first goal (2), but it would be harsh to put too much blame on assistant John Brooks. he was spot on with two equally tight calls in the same move.
the world cup is simply about the world's best coming together and ridiculous rules like this demean it. if one or two english back-rowers wouldn’t want to see armitage in the squad then that confirms he should be. if someone is going to be happier, healthier and a better player overseas, he should be supported.
toulon flanker Steffon armitage has been one of the standout forwards in europe in recent seasons. england are being held hostage by their own edict, so why not just ditch the 'exceptional' clause and end the out-cry?. conor o'Shea believes the clause could cause major problems.
cause of causes was second at the 2014 Cheltenham Festival. he then landed the four-mile national hunt chase at last month’s meeting. he is ridden by a Grand National winning jockey in Paul carberry.
defenders chambers, stones and dier have all impressed this season. the trio have all cost £19million between them, so they are not surprise packages. they have all had a taste of playing at full back, but their progress is encouraging. chambers and stones are still 20 and dier is 21.
Tim sherwood returns to white hart lane to take on spurs on saturday. the former spurs boss was not trusted with the job long-term. sherwood has revived Christian Benteke in the same way he revived Emmanuel adebayor last season.
Tony McCoy announced his intention to retire in february. the 20-time champion jockey has enjoyed a farewell tour up and down the country. McCoy says the response to his retirement announcement has made his final months in the saddle easier. he says he owes it to his family to go out at the top.
only arsenal and Chelsea can better that as a winning streak. the other promoted clubs — QPR and burnley — have shown fantastic spirit. if a player is not being pushed it's easy for them to shift responsibility. the best thing to do is keep them busy on the training ground.
Charles piutau rejected a new deal with the blues and the new zealand rugby union in favour of a season in Belfast. fly-half Colin Slade is thought to be deciding between a move to toulon or Pau in france. the pro 12 has a credibility issue due to the continuing absence of so many Irish stars from so many matches.
AP McCoy was presented with the champion jockey trophy at sandown. the 40-year-old was presented with a guard of honour by Ian Wright. he rode box office in the final race of his career, the bet365 handicap.
former real madrid ace Kaka and Canadian international larin proved the difference as Orlando city earned all three points at Providence park. darlington Nagbe proved the Timbers biggest threat in the first-half. but aurelien collin and co stood strong in defence to earn Orlando their second away win of the season.
Adam gemili says usain bolt is a joker on the athletics circuit. the young brit says he is nowhere near boltt's standard at the moment. gemili has announced his participation in the Sainsbury's anniversary games this summer.
road to rio cyclist has been out injured for a whole year. sportsmail's road to rio columnist is desperate to get back on the track.
AP McCoy will race at Sandown on Saturday for the last time before retiring. the 20-time champion jockey has been compared to lionel messi. fellow jockey Andrew Thornton says he has a technique no sane jockey would attempt to emulate.
arsenal will start next season in second place for the first time in 100 years. the gunners have started each season at the summit of the premier league since 1915/16. the advent of the first world war meant the club officially began their century-old record only in 1919.
AP McCoy finished third on box office in his last-ever race on saturday. the peerless champion jockey was reduced to tears as he waved to the crowd. arsene wenger, manager of McCoy's beloved arsenal, congratulated him.
AP McCoy announced his retirement from racing this weekend. he will be crowned champion after two decades at the top of his sport. 'it will be emotional in one way and relief in another,' says his mother.
AP McCoy insists he will never return to professional racing. the 40-year-old has two final rides at Sandown on Saturday. he has borrowed a phrase from great Olympian sir Steve redgrave. redgrave famously said: 'anyone who sees me in a boat has permission to shoot me'
palermo president Maurizio zamparini has slapped a €50million price tag on Paulo Dybala. the argentine is being tracked by manchester united, Chelsea, Arsenal, inter Milan, Juventus and paris saint-germain. inter manager Roberto mancini was spotted at the Stadio Ennio Tardini on Sunday, when palermo lost 1-0 against Parma.
the three leaders’ wives were on parade yesterday, marching across the country in support of their men. they marched out in almost identical uniforms, dark slacks and blazers, paired with crisp shirts and sensible shoes.
twenty people are believed to have been injured after the plane made a tailstrike and skidded off the runway at hiroshima airport. there were believed to be 74 passengers and seven crew members on board. the airport has been closed as a result of the crash, and emergency services are at the scene.
Olivier Giroud believes the premier league is Chelsea's this season. but the striker believes arsenal will challenge for the title next year. the gunners are 10 points behind premier league leaders chelsea.
state-backed giant lurched to a £446million loss for first three months. comes after it was forced to put aside £856million to cover lawsuits. comes at an awkward time for Chancellor, six days before the election.
theo Walcott believes arsenal have been the 'best team in europe' this season. the 26-year-old has struggled to hold down a place in the first team. the midfielder watched on from the bench again before a late substitute appearance.
Thierry Henry said arsenal need a 'top quality striker' to win the title. but french midfielder Francis coquelin has defended team-mate Olivier Giroud. coquelin believes the gunners 'can win titles' with Giroud in attack.
fiorentina ace Mario gomez scored the opening goal of the game in the 43rd minute. substitute Juanvargas added a late consolation for the home side. the home side will now face either valencia or roma in the semi-finals.
rickets is caused by a deficiency in vitamin D and causes bone deformities. was virtually eradicated after the second world war but is returning. Dame sally Davies has ordered a cost review into giving children free vitamins. said to be concerned at the number of children suffering from the condition. disease a scourge of Victorian Britain, was virtually eradicated after the war.
arsenal face burnley at the emirates stadium on saturday afternoon. manchester city are interested in signing english international Jack Wilshere. but arsene wenger insists the 23-year-old will not leave the club. mathieu debuchy, olivier Giroud and abou diaby are all available.
Bolivia’s Cal orcko paleontological site is the result of tectonic activity that forced the earth upwards. it comprises 462 trails made up of 5,055 prints - and frequent landslides reveal new ones, some of which belong to unknown species. wall is 390 feet (120 metres) tall and features tracks made by at least eight species of dinosaurs, including titanosaurs and armoured ankylosaurs.
Ravel Morrison was released from his last contract at west ham. the 22-year-old has signed a pre-contract agreement with lazio. a delay in squad registration means he is unable to make his debut until next season.
the snaps of a cat playing with a mouse on a roof in shepton mallet, Somerset, illustrate the perils the tiny rodents face in the town. ironically the pet cat's name is Mouse. unfortunately for this mouse that's where similarities between the moggy and its namesakes end.
US researchers claim that exact prices of goods on ebay attract higher offers. sellers who end their price with ‘00’ typically receive offers that are five to eight per cent lower than those with more specific prices.
brugge drew 0-0 at the dnipro-arena last week in the Europa league. the draw took the hosts to 11 games unbeaten in the competition. yheven konoplyanka was a constant threat down the left-hand side. super sub Yevhen shakhov broke the deadlock in the final 10 minutes. the midfielder latched on to a russel rotan pass to score the winner.
Lee Joon-seok ordered to serve 36 years for negligence and abandoning passengers. but this was increased to life in prison by an appellate court that convicted him of homicide by account of his 'willful negligence' the 6,825-tonne passenger ship sank off the southwest coast on April 16 last year, killing 304 people.
the we are handsome activewear show was held at white city tennis club in paddington on tuesday night. the catwalk was replaced with a tennis court and the front row was replaced with stadium seating. models included former Commonwealth games pole vaulter Amanda bisk, australian ballet star Juliette burnett, and yogi and Instagram star sjana earp.
defending champions sevilla go through to the last four of the Europa league. beto had looked to have cost his side their progress with the game heading towards extra time. substitute Kevin Gameiro slotted home with five minutes remaining.
the new dinosaur, named Yi qi, was discovered by a farmer in china. it had small stiff feathers and bat-like wings that were covered in a membrane. scientists believe the dinosaur may have glided or even flown through the air. discovery has provided new insight into how vertebrates first took to the air.
the Visa Restrictions index analyses countries ability to travel visa-free. the latest results were based on results from may 20, 2014. the lowest spots were taken by Afghanistan, Iraq, Pakistan and Somalia. but the highest spots were taken by the us, uk and germany.
Jaysh al-islam - or army of Islam - reportedly commands as many as 25,000 loyal fighters inside the embattled Syrian city of damascus. they have released a video showing off a fleet of armoured tanks and 1,700 soldiers in a graduation ceremony. masked special forces units show off a range of skills including close-combat in what the group claims is the 'largest military parade witnessed' since the dawn of the Syrian revolution in 2011.
serena Williams defeated 12th seed Carla suarez navarro 6-2 6-0 in the final. the world no 1 won the final 10 games to claim her third straight title. she dedicated the title to her father and paid tribute to her opponent.
models sported a full face of sequins at the mbfw show on wednesday. make-up artists applied the sequins by hand one-by-one to their faces. models backstage at bondi bather also showcased the look.
a leading data mining firm claims that between 20 and 50 social media accounts active in Baltimore on Monday were also used some 825 miles away in Ferguson during last summer's violence. the link suggests the presence of 'professional protesters' or anarchists who are in Baltimore and are looking to take advantage of Freddie Gray's death to incite more violence, the firm said. not all the accounts called for outright violence, but at the very least, the tweets were menacing and ominous.
a man smacked a female wolf spider as it scuttled across his kitchen floor in hallett cove, south australia. after smashing the hairy beast a few times with a broom hundreds of baby spiders came crawling out of the mother. after hatching, the babies crawl onto the mother's back and remain there until their fat reserves have been used.
puffin spotted swimming in the canal after apparently flying into london. distinctive bird with an orange beak was spotted by a canal boat resident. species normally reside in Iceland and the north Atlantic. it was handed over to a specialist centre in dorset to recuperate.
Neymar opened the scoring for barcelona in the 14th minute. he doubled the lead on 34 minutes with a header from a cross by david luiz. luiz was also booked for a foul on andres iniesta in the first half. lukasz fabianski made it 3-0 before half-time with a header.
Charlie bothuell IV and his partner monique dillard-bothuell took the stand against each other in court on tuesday. the 13-year-old boy was found locked in the basement of their Detroit townhouse last june after an 11-day search. he said his home was a'very terrible' place where he was often beaten with a plastic pipe, forced to rise before dawn for workouts and isolated from other kids. 'i was expected to
serena fought back from a set down to beat italian Sara Errani. the world no 1 committed nearly three times as many unforced errors as the 15th-ranked italian. the win gives the united states a 2-1 lead in the best-of-five series.
Mirko 'Cro Cop' Filipovic stopped Gabriel Gonzaga in the third round. the two men had not fought in the octagon since 2011. co-main event saw manuwa beat Jan Blachowicz by decision.
tennis golden girl Eugenie Bouchard crashed out of the Miami open. the 21-year-old said she needed to'relax more' after losing in the second round to world no 85 lesia tsurenko. the rising star posed for pictures with fellow canadian Kerri Walsh jennings and sports illustrated cover model Hannah ward.
Russia are on the brink of making the Fed cup final with a 2-0 lead. Anastasia Pavlyuchenkova saved a match point to beat Sabine Lisicki. svetlana Kuznetsova had earlier beaten Julia goerges in straight sets.
a baby girl was found dead inside a garbage can outside a sorority house at Muskingum university in eastern ohio last week. a preliminary ruling from the Muskingum County coroner on Monday said the baby was nearly full term when she was born. the child's mother is a student at the small school in new Concord, but authorities have refused to release her name. it's the second time a baby has died of asphyxiation at the school.
Chad geyen, a married father of two from Ramsey, Minnesota, was found dead on Sunday from a self-inflicted gunshot wound at a park near his home. he had been accused of assaulting at least six boys hundreds of times, including his own foster son, between 1990 and 2013. of the six individuals who have come forward, four are now adults, while a third actually lived with the man as his foster child.
world no 1 serena will be 34 at the end of the season if she wins on saturday. she has a win record of 17-0 since the start of the 2015 season. she will face world no 2 carla suarez navarro in the final in florida.
jihadis understood to have been fighting local groups in northern iraqi desert. several of them sustained injuries requiring medical treatment. when doctors refused on grounds they do not support group's activities, men were murdered. news comes as jihadis reportedly executed 60 sunni tribal fighters in anbar province.
Jonny may has lost his starting place for the england national side. the 25-year-old will start on the wing for Gloucester at the staple on friday. he was dropped for striking the wrong note in the six nations win over italy. may's mother, hazel, taught him to play the guitar as a youngster.
serena Williams defeated camila Giorgi 7-6 (5), 6-2 on the clay in brindisi, italy. the victory gave the united states a 1-0 lead over italy in a Fed cup playoff. the world no 1 improved to 19-0 this year and 15-0 for her career in fed cup.
petra kvitova beats world no 29 Caroline Garcia 6-4, 6-4 in the semifinals. the Czechs will face either germany or russia in the final in november. the defending champions have been in four finals in five years.
navy said it noticed underwater target yesterday and again this morning. it dropped 'warning' depth charges the size of grenades. comes months after armed forces hunted unsuccessfully for foreign submarine.
the 42nd annual player of the year and young player of the year awards were held at the Grosvenor house on sunday. Harry kane was dressed to the nines alongside girlfriend Kate gooders. he posted a picture to his personal twitter page in a dinner suit. liverpool captain Steven Gerrard and team-mates Philippe Coutinho and Kolo toure turned up with their partners.
29-minute video appears to show dozens of militants holding two groups captive. at least 16 men are shot in desert while 12 others are forced to walk down beach. raises fears that ISIS is consolidating presence on 'doorstep of european'. comes after beheading of 21 Coptic Christians on beach in february.
500ft-long oryol caught fire in a shipyard in severodvinsk, 620 miles north of Moscow. defence sources said submarine's weapons and critical elements of reactor had been removed before fire broke out. move taken after news agencies carried reports emergency was over.
Eidur Gudjohnsen opened the scoring for the hosts in the 55th minute. Craig Davies doubled the lead in the 73rd minute at the city stadium. 62-year-old Emile heskey provided two assists for the home side.
Novak djokovic beat Rafael Nadal 6-3, 6-3 in the semi-finals of the monte carlo masters. the world no 1 is bidding to win his third title in a row. he will face sixth seed tomas berdych in the final.
james hook has made just two starts for his country since the 2011 world cup. the 29-year-old Gloucester fly-half hasn't given up on earning a call-up. the fly-half says it will be 'a bonus' if he gets a call-up from wales.
gruesome photographs show a man being led from a van and blindfolded. he is then led into a room where he is executed by a masked man. the beheading is believed to have taken place in Hama, in northern syria.
victorian police have dropped an investigation into wellness blogger belle Gibson over claims she faked her cancer battles. one of the charges being considered was obtaining financial advantage by deception, but it has been dropped. ms Gibson has expressed concern over her family's safety in her first comments to media since she admitted her terminal cancer may have been'misdiagnosed'.
firefighters were called to a fire just west of grand valley state university in Michigan after an April Fools prank involving fireworks sent one apartment unit up in smoke. fire officials said one of the girls threw a lit firework at a roommate; the firework landed in a laundry hamper, setting the contents on fire. no one was hurt, and the girl is not expected to face charges.
military leaders in Norway are growing nervous about their powerful neighbour's presence on its'strategically important' coastline. fears have peaked after three Russian warships spent the entire winter docked deep within the mountain hideaway. it was originally shut down because the country's leaders thought the threat from Moscow was reduced.
investigators found username on a tablet computer found at his home. also found search terms for disorders such as 'bipolar' and'manic depressive'. european regulators warned german aviation authority of inadequacies with health check-ups in a regular review of air safety enforcement.
queen elizabeth tried to ban hot cross buns from being sold all year round. the move was greeted with uproar, so she compromised. now supermarkets bring out ever more permutations to tempt customers.
car insurance costs have plunged for young dental nurses and social workers. but insurers have pushed up bills for young drivers with jobs that mean they are likely to be male, such as construction workers and civil engineers.
delrea good, 52, was charged with resisting arrest after she didn't immediately pull over for a cop because she didn't think it was a safe place to stop. good was speeding and was driving at 54 mph in a 35 mph zone at 11:21 p.m. good says that when she was ordered to pull over, she put on her emergency flashers, and waved her hand out the window to let the cop know that she was aware of his presence and that she planned to
EE shops will give away free portable chargers. customers will be able to swap it for a new one at any EE shop.
astronomers have used a telescope in new mexico to watch a star take shape over eight years. the first image was taken with the Karl G. Jansky very large Array in 1996. the second was taken by an international team led by the national autonomous university of mexico (unam) in 2014. the pictures show how the outflow of material from the star has dramatically expanded as it takes shape. a simulated image from 1996 is on the left, and another from 2014 is on the
alcohol changes genes in brain cells, which stop cells developing connections. this, in turn, can put teenagers at risk of anxiety disorders and alcoholism. researchers discovered a cancer drug may reverse the damage.
a Dominican news report says the power couple spent part of their trip staying with sugar barons alfy and pepe fanjul at Casa de campo. the resort is also at the center of criminal allegations now dogging a democratic u.s. senator. prosecutors charged new jersey senator Bob menendez with corruption on Wednesday in a 14-count indictment. he is accused of accepting money and trips from wealthy donor Dr. salomon melgen in exchange for the influence of his
Tom Brady updated his facebook page on Wednesday with a picture of himself lying in a hospital bed in a full body cast. he had shared a video on Saturday of himself jumping off a cliff into a river during his vacation. according to the caption, it wasn't the cliff jump that got him but Michael Jordan, who was spotted playing some pick-up ball with the football player several days ago.
Starbucks is being probed by the european commission over tax deals. the coffee giant ran its european business through the Netherlands. but it paid just £1.9million in tax to the Dutch government. it is now claimed it used a defunct uk company to pay into the uk.
the unofficial 2012 paperback book was revealed by a plaintiff in a lawsuit filed by four sexual-assault victims. former tech. sgt. Jennifer Smith brought forward the songbook and she had filed an administrative complaint over the book in 2012. the complaint alleges some of the most disturbing content is found in the songbooks of the 55th, 77th, and 79th fighter squadrons of the air force.
footage taken from the bus's windscreen dash-cam captures the screams of 36 7th graders on board. the driver of the SUV, a 44-year-old man with a history of seizures, was driving approximately 20 mph over the speed limit. he was trapped inside his car for 20 minutes until firefighters were able to cut him out of the wreckage. police are investigating whether the SUV driver had a seizure before or during the crash.
Steven Allison, 37, had been on the run from the law for a year. he had been given a 30 month jail sentence for sexually assaulting two women. he was supposed to be lying low in Sydney before moving to australia. but he couldn't resist showing off his new life to his 739 facebook friends.
over 5,000 people die from asbestos-related diseases each year, making it a bigger killer than road traffic accidents. award-winning artist Joe joiner, from east london, has created a moving new art installation in tribute. over 50 families have contributed heartfelt messages to the artwork, which is currently on display in covent garden, london.
party originally planned to mention number of foreign patients with TB. but when antiretroviral drugs to treat people with HIV were more expensive, a decision was taken to use that example instead. despite criticism from other parties and viewers, ukip revealed it had been part of a deliberate strategy to appeal to their ‘core voter’.
Thomas Brock, 30, died when he was fatally shot at his home in california. he had become involved in a traffic altercation in the lead up to his death. police say he was followed to his home where he had a fist fight. the alleged killer then left the property but warned he would return. brothers Steven Rodriguez, 24, and Jacob Rodriguez, 29, have been charged with capital murder.
a woman was forced to give birth to her son on the I-65 in Louisville, Kentucky, during gridlock traffic behind president Barack Obama's motorcade. a nurse who was also stuck in traffic helped the mother through the delivery. the roads were closed to allow the president to travel from the airport to downtown Louisville.
celebrity chef's iconic fat duck named eighth best restaurant in the world. his dinner by heston Blumenthal at the Mandarin oriental hotel also made top 25. uber-talented grant achatz's three-Michelin-starred restaurant, alinea, retained its crown for fourth year running.
'King of Instagram' forced into making public safety announcement. accused of placing homemade explosives in a tractor and shooting them. speaks from behind a desk in his lavish home, complete with gun-shaped candle holder, action figurine of himself, and a bizarre painting.
union conference heard that schools are struggling to cope with an influx of children arriving in classes unable to speak english. teachers have warned that schools are now having to deal with pupils across the UK speaking up to 300 different languages. they also said english-speaking children are not getting their ‘fair share’ of attention from teachers because of the additional needs of those from abroad.
the barbaric terror group released photos show crates of chicken being set alight in a field near the city of aleppo. the food was burned after the jihadis noticed labels on the boxes that suggested the birds had been reared and slaughtered in the united states. it is believed the meat was destined for the thousands of starving refugees in the city of aleppo.
Phoj was designed by Swedish designer Lycke von Schantz. it has a 'lightweight chassis' and is 3.2ft (1 metre) tall. the product will launch on Kickstarter next week but prices are not yet known.
Kyle Knox, from London, was last seen at the start of the route for the 4409-ft high Ben Nevis in the Scottish Highlands. he failed to return to his accommodation in the Fort William area yesterday, prompting staff to alert police to his disappearance. police said the force had no information to suggest he was an experienced walker and believe he attempted to climb the mountain alone. search has now resumed with rescuers describing the weather conditions as 'awful'
the 'kansas unborn child protection from dismemberment abortion act' takes effect july 1. the law bans the so-called 'dilation and evacuation' procedure and redefines it as 'dismemberment abortion'
the London mayor praised the coalition for keeping down unemployment. he said the fact that more jobs were being created was 'absolute moral triumph' comments by Mr Johnson, who is standing to be a tory MP in west london.
Hagrid the lamb was born on a farm in gelston, near grantham, on tuesday. the Suffolk cross is three times the size of his peers and weighs 25lbs. his owners believe he may be the biggest lamb ever born in the uk. his mother is in remarkably good condition and both are healthy.
Lorraine bracco, 60, revealed that she turned down the starring role in the landmark HBO drama because she had already played a mobster's wife in goodfellas. 'i fell in love with David (chase) the minute I met him, when I met him, and I said, 'Look, I don't think I should play carmela because I did it,' she said. 'i really don't think I'm going to bring so much to this for you
author accused fellow children's author of dumbing-down fiction. said books by comedian are 'witty and entertaining' but nowhere near ambitious enough. singled out walliams' Gangsta granny and the diary of a wimpy kid books. suggested writers should challenge young readers and not be 'afraid of powerful stories or serious ideas'
detective Patrick cherry has lost his shield and gun and will be placed on modified duty before being transferred out of the joint terrorism task force. 'no good cop should watch that video without a wince,' police chief bill bratton said at a press conference. the incident, which occurred in the west village, occurred after footage captured by a passenger was posted online. detective cherry was in plainclothes and trying to park his unmarked Hyundai without signalling when the Uber driver honked his
Kevin bollaert, 28, was sentenced to 18 years in state prison after he was convicted in february of 21 counts of identity theft and six counts of extortion. he ran a pair of websites that capitalized on the internet as a forum for public shaming. jilted lovers and hackers could anonymously post nude photos of people without their consent, along with personal information. more than 10,000 images, mainly of women, were posted between December 2012 and September 2013
Octavia Spencer was at the Barnes & Noble bookstore at the Grove in los angeles last week to autograph copies of her children's book. before the night was over people were dragging their kids out of line, demanding refunds on the books and stormed out of the store in disgust. 'Octavia was mean, rude and horrible to everyone,' former Octavia fan, angel guzman explained to the daily mail in an exclusive interview.
former white house intern would be a 'runaway success' on the show, a network source tells daily mail online. she would attract great guests - even if casting her as a regular co-host would make it unlikely that potential 2016 presidential hopeful Hillary Clinton or president bill Clinton would ever appear on the show again.
labour shadow chancellor unveiled a poster claiming voters had lost £1,100 each due to tax and benefit changes under the coalition. he claimed'millions paying more while millionaires pay less' but the pm hailed today as'money-back Monday' - with a raft of tax changes coming into force putting more cash in voters' wallets.
photographer John chapple has captured all types of landscapes, including grassy fields in england, major us cities, and sandy beaches in australia. he first worked as a news and show business photographer before he got into landscape photography.
'Defeat the Washington machine. unleash the american dream,' he will announce his candidacy on tuesday morning in Louisville, Kentucky. his father, former texas rep. Ron Paul, earned an image party-wide as a cantankerous and prickly contrarian with little chance of winning over centrist Republicans. 'that's hilarious,' a member of the house of representatives staffer said in a phone interview. 'if he
RSPCA inspectors were called to the house in Lawrence weston, bristol. photos show a small horse standing on muddy ground in narrow alleyway. another horse was found chained to the ground, with little room to move. horses were removed on Wednesday after complaints from neighbours.
house in Snodland, kent, was first rented by len and beatrice Barnes in 1915. couple raised son Gordon and three daughters, Freda, Hilda and gwendoline. they bought it 40 years later for £350 and passed it to Freda when they died. their 10 great-grandchildren and seven great-great-grandchildren have enjoyed house. but Freda died last year, aged 99, and younger family members have now moved away.
prosecutors say tablet computer found at his apartment revealed search history. included cockpit doors and their security, and suicide methods. revelations came hours after it was reported he told doctors he was on sick leave rather than flying.
Marc Wabafiyebazu, 15, has been arrested after a gunfight erupted during an alleged drug deal in Miami on monday. his brother, Jean, 17, was killed and his father, germano, has said he was arrested. he said his sons borrowed their mother's car to drive to the house but told their mother they were just going for a drive. it was not clear whether Marc would be charged as a juvenile or an adult but he is due in
defence secretary says labour leader is'so desperate' for power he is willing to trade away britain's nuclear deterrent. tories will go ahead with four new nuclear missile submarines at a cost of £100billion.
the jury has rested in the murder trial of former new england patriots star Aaron Hernandez after two months and more than 100 witnesses. the 25-year-old has pleaded not guilty to shooting Odin Lloyd five times in the chest and back. a joint found near Lloyd's body had DNA from both men on it. and the shell of a bullet matching the one that killed Lloyd was found on the floor of Hernandez's car - stuck to a piece of gum that matched the former
Chancellor said labour had 'form' on jacking up income tax and ni. he said: 'ed miliband and Ed balls have done it all before – and they would do it all over again' he said there is just one month to save uk from 'disaster' of a Miliband government.
boobesh palani, 26, passed away at Wellington hospital with his friends by his side. he was rescued from shark infested waters by two teenage girls. his identity was unknown at the time so police decided to post a picture of him on news websites in the hopes the public could help identify him. he was known to a new Zealander travelling in Sri Lanka who saw his photo online and told the police of his name.
the aid agency has been negotiating for a week to deliver life-saving supplies and equipment to the country. coalition has conducted 11 days of air strikes against Iran-backed Shi'ite rebels. more than 500 people have been killed in two weeks of fighting in the country.
marina Lyons, 80, took her dog Rosie to the PDSA petaid hospital in hull. she had an operation to remove her spleen due to a suspected tumour. when she returned home she noticed lots of bruising on the dog's back. she asked the vet about it, who told her it was from the operation. not satisfied, she took the dog for a second opinion, when burns were discovered.
Shinto Kanamara matsuri started as a small tradition but has grown into a popular a tourist attraction. participants pray to a god who is said to help with fertility, child birth and protection from sexually transmitted infections. rainy weather didn’t ruin the mood at this year’s festival, which attracted thousands of spectators from Japan and abroad.
over-55s have been able to withdraw all or part of their pension pots. instead of being forced to buy regular pension income for life, known as an annuity. yesterday, the first people to cash in their pots began to receive their money. pension firms said many were unaware of age restrictions or tax implications.
Sudheer khamitkar, 42, shot his wife, 38, and their two sons, aged 6 and 10, before turning the gun on himself at their home in Tulsa, oklahoma on wednesday. the bodies were found on Wednesday as police conducted a welfare check after the mother failed to show up for work or call in sick for two days. a backdoor was unlocked and a handgun was found near the father's body. there had been no previous history of
prime minister visited a primary school near bolton to unveil plan. children who get poor SATs results will have to resit them in secondary school. resit plan would mean 100,000 pupils taking new test in english and maths. aims to inject 'zero tolerance of failure and mediocrity' in schools. youngster pulled a series of funny faces before resting her head on table.
'remediation costs' wiped out 61 per cent of their profits between 2011 and 2014. driven by payment protection insurance scandal, with banks setting aside £4.7bn. another £2.3bn was earmarked by banks to pay fines for rigging markets.
two weeks ago the prime minister let the BBC film him preparing lunch at his home in his constituency. this weekend it was the downing street kitchen that was the focus of attention as he made a pitch for the family vote by being pictured at breakfast.
'marilyn einstein' was created by superimposing a blurry picture of Monroe over a picture of Albert Einstein drawn in fine lines. features with a high spatial frequency (einstein) are only visible when you're viewing them close up. those with a low spatial frequency (monroe) are only visible from further away. combining pictures of the two produces a single image which changes when the viewer moves closer and then farther away from the screen.
a researcher says a 'bone flute' found in Slovenia is not an instrument. instead, he says it is simply a bone chewed by a hyena with teeth marks. bone flute is often said to be the world’s oldest musical instrument. it was discovered in 1995 at the Divje Babe archaeological park in Slovenia.
police in the southern state of Santa catarina busted the gang's lair. the loyal canine laid down alongside its owner and rolled over on its back. picture has since gone viral in the south Brazilian state of Santa catarina.
sacrohysteropexy uses a nylon mesh'sling' to lift and hold the womb back in place. surgeon calls for the procedure to be made more widely available on the NHS.
researchers have developed a computer that can collate meteorological information and then produce forecasts as if they were written by a human. it uses a process known as 'natural language generation' (NLG) a prototype system will be tested by generating local weather reports on the mailonline's website. if the project is successful a prototype system will be tested by generating local weather reports on the mailonline's website.
mother-of-one Jennifer Drew has saved £17,000 over three years. 31-year-old spends an hour a day searching for deals and coupons. she has accumulated so many products and groceries they fill a whole room. items include 20 bottles of mouthwash, 52 bottles of baby lotion and shampoo. she once managed to buy a week's worth of food for just 29p.
self-made multi-millionaire bought duplex in Glasgow's upmarket park circus area. she paid £780,700 for the property after splitting from husband michael in 2011. it now boasts a magnificent reception hall and stairway worth more than £1m. it is understood she will move back into five-bedroom mansion in Lanarkshire.
self-styled 'anarchist libertarian' squatters set up camp in historic monument. they unfurled banners reading 'homes for all' and 'better squat than let homes rot' the gatehouse, built as a memorial to queen victoria, was sold in 2012.
Audrey dimitrew, 16, accepted a spot on the under-16 Chantilly juniors but was benched the first two tournaments of the season. she was told by coaches she did not have the skills to compete with her team. she was offered a spot on another club but the league said no to a transfer. her family have filed a lawsuit against the league seeking for her to transfer clubs and asks for attorney fees.
the self-proclaimed kidnapper behind the kidnapping of denise huskins in california says he will turn himself in, but only if his co-conspirators are given immunity from prosecution. this comes just one day after the group demanded an apology from the police for calling the entire incident a hoax. last week police said the kidnapping of Huskins, which triggered a statewide search that involved 100 volunteers, 40 detectives and numerous FBI
prime minister went head-to-head with six other party leaders on tv debate. debate comes six weeks ahead of the general election on may 7. nobody is expected to win a majority in what is being touted as the closest and most unpredictable race since the 1970s. but pollsters refuse to predict who will take the top job after votes are cast.
Samantha Giufre, 19, suffered multiple fractures to her skull and face, along with bleeding on her brain on september 7, 2014. she was dragged along a suburban street in casula, south-west of Sydney, before being abandoned. one man has been charged in relation to the violent incident, but police are searching for others they believe were involved.
defence minister promises there has been no alien breach of airspace. says war planes can be scrambled whenever there is a report of an unidentified flying object - but has not encountered visitors from space.
Danel hall Jr was walking down street when a man was chased by dog. a third person suddenly started shooting at the animal, it was claimed. stray bullets hit the boy in the stomach and the second man in the buttocks. he was rushed to hospital where he underwent emergency surgery.
Thunderbirds aired here between 1964 and 1966 and repeated in 1992 and 2002. there were 32 50-minute episodes over two series, shown in 66 countries. lady penelope is this time voiced by gone girl actress Rosamund pike.
the five-second rule has been cited to justify picking up everything from a salt and vinegar chip to an assortment of cold cuts. experts have largely dismissed the almost magical powers surrounding the five-second rule, but said what type of food and where you drop it does come into play. dry foods are things such as potato chips, lollies, nuts, biscuits, crackers and uncooked rice or pasta. wet foods are cut fruit, cold meats, ham, salami, dairy products, and bread.
the state board of parole hearings granted parole to 63-year-old James Schoenfeld on the 20th time it considered the possibility of releasing the man. he abducted the children and then kept them 'buried alive' in an underground trailer while he and his co-conspirators negotiated a $5million ransom. the kidnappers were influenced by the iconic 1971 film Dirty Harry in which the antagonist kidnaps a school bus of children in exchange for ransom.
saturday night live parodied daytime network's coverage of the germanwings crash, u.s.-iran diplomacy, and domestic politics. network aired a series of abysmal animations to cover up lack of footage. Cecily strong joked: 'we were lucky to get the same team who did the Dire Straits money for nothing music video in 1985'
Jon Huxley, 46, hopes to cash in on the craze in hit film fifty shades of grey. plans to install sex swings, bondage rooms and dungeons at his hotel. he said: 'it is not intended to be a seedy or dirty business. it is a respected clientele who enjoy taking their clothes off'
the painting, titled 'bomb damage,' was drawn on a metal door. it formed the last remaining part of a two-story house in northern Gaza. unaware that Banksy's works are usually valued at hundreds of thousands. he said he has been tricked into selling the door to a local artist for £100. but having been told of its true value, he is now demanding it is returned.
police remain hopeful they will find missing 11-year-old Luke Shambrook who went missing from a campsite in victoria on good friday. the autistic boy was last seen leaving candlebark campground in the national park at 9.30am on good friday. a family saw a young boy matching Lukes description while they were driving in the Devils river vicinity on sunday. search crews have rushed to the location and police remain comfortable that the young boy is still alive.
Geraldine alcorn, 29, allegedly encrypted her phone number on the girl's math homework and exchanged thousands of text messages with her. the girl's mother complained to school officials after finding out alcorn had visited the girl at their home while the mother was working. the girl told police she and alcorn kept their relationship secret and, among other things, Alcorn discussed adopting the girl or taking her from her home.
dark.cyanide, 18, scales some of the city's tallest buildings without ropes or harnesses in search of the perfect shot. the vertigo-inducing images show his feet dangling hundreds of feet above the city streets below in his trademark turquoise trainers. he describes himself as an 'urban historian' and says he likes photographing the city because it is huge and constantly changing.
genes for good is a facebook app designed to survey the health of millions of social network users, who can also send in spit samples to tie their survey results to their genes. it was set up by biostatisticians from the university of Michigan, and although the app is hosted by facebook, the site is not affiliated with the scheme in any other way. once a user has read and accepted the terms and conditions they are presented with health surveys they can complete each day. participants can withdraw at any time by clicking the withdrawal
summer michelle hansen, 32, of california, entered a guilty plea in february to 16 felony counts related to sex acts with five underage male students. the mother of three was told during the sentencing on Friday that she must also register as a sex offender for life. parents of the victims were upset that the judge approved her plea agreement, as she could have faced 13 years in prison if convicted at trial.
wet and cloudy weather was to blame in Sydney, where the Sydney Observatory said the short lunar began at 10.58pm (AEDT) and finished at 11.03pm. Brisbane, Darwin, Canberra and hobart residents were also promised slim chance of viewing the phenomenon due to poor weather conditions. but clear night skies were predicted for Adelaide, Melbourne and Perth.
Louis Jordan, 37, was picked up by a german-flagged ship at 1:30 p.m. on Thursday - 66 days after he took off to do some fishing. he was found sitting on the capsized hull of his sailboat, angel, which had lost its mast and was approximately 200 miles east of cape Hatteras. a coast guard helicopter crew from north carolina flew to the ship and airlifted Jordan to a hospital in Norfolk, Virginia.
Jessica features removable cookies (light foam pads that sit inside a pocket within the bra) to give ample bosoms the option of extra oomph. the £38 bra comes in a range of sizes, from a 28D right through to a 38HH.
orphaned wombat has found herself a new friend - and a very prickly pillow. she has moved into her new digs alongside a couple of echidnas at Taronga Zoo. in an adorable video, she is seen trying to take a nap in the mud on one of the echidnas.
ABC is filming a pilot episode of the rebooted muppets show next weekend at a Disney studio in burbank, california. it will feature a host of old favorites including Kermit the frog, miss piggy, fozzie bear and other old favorites. new characters including a girlfriend and in-laws for fozzie bear could also be on the way.
Marylin stoneman had been entrusted with victim's pin number and bank cards. but the 64-year-old began withdrawing up to £200 a day to feed her gambling habit. she admitted stealing £22,650 but was ordered to pay back just £1,350. the victim said he felt angry and betrayed by stoneman.
around 56,000 dogs treated for poisoning between 2010 and 2014. of those, 470 dogs died. painkillers were the most common cause of poisoning.
match of the day pundit launches scathing attack on the head of Ukip. comes after leaders from each of the seven largest parties went head-to-head. polls produced mixed results on who had 'won' the contest. 40 per cent of voters think david Cameron is'most capable of leading'
patrons at a bar opening at resorts world casino in queens, new york, reportedly turned on one another around 10pm. video of the fight shows a crowd of people erupting from a bar area, punching, kicking, shouting and re-purposing casino decorations as weapons.
former military intelligence officer said he had been told the information by two senior sources who knew about a 2009 naval criminal investigative service investigation into Bergdahl's activities. 'he had made contact with local Afghans and wanted to be moved to uzbekistan and then made contact with the Russians because he wanted to talk to Russian organized crime,' he said. the investigation reportedly included a forensic review of Bergdahl's computer which showed his apparent intent to travel to
the european commission, the EU's top antitrust authority, is asking companies who previously filed confidential complaints against google for permission to publish them. if found to have been behaving unfairly, google could be fined ten per cent of its annual revenues, which would be more than £4 billion.
Michelle Obama and Jimmy fallon took to the dance floor on the tonight show on Thursday night, in a follow-up routine to one they did in 2013. it was a follow-up routine to one they did in 2013, in an attempt to inspire parents to get out and get moving with their kids.
vandalism discovered on Monday, the day after a lifetime miniseries premiered. Borden went on trial for murdering her father and stepmother in 1892. she was acquitted, but her innocence is questioned even today. cemetery director: 'i'd like to catch the guys who did it'
identity of over 4,726 individuals will be provided to the copyright holder. this includes their names, IP addresses and residential addresses. internet companies iiNet, internode, amnet, dodo services, Adam internet and wideband networks were all affected by the ruling.
the total lunar eclipse will transform the moon on saturday night. it will be visible in the skies of north america, Asia and australia. according to one pastor, the event was predicted in the Bible. but Nasa is quick to point out that the change in hue is entirely harmless.
health minister marisol touraine wants to impose fines and prison sentences for inciting binge drinking. french officials have slammed the practice of going out to get drunk as an 'anglo-Saxon phenomenon'
only ultra low emission vehicles and electric cars would be allowed in the UK in 2040 under the proposal. normal petrol and diesel engines which make up the vast majority of all motor vehicles would be barred. lib dem leader said he wanted to tackle 'dangerous levels of air pollution' which cut average life expectancy by eight months.
research from the NASUWT union shows that the majority of teachers today are verbally abused by pupils. some 82% of 3,500 NASUWT members polled were verbally abused by pupils in the last 12 months. 38% suffered similar problems with parents or carers compared with 24% in 2014.
each of the intricate treats is entirely edible and painstakingly created by 14 of the UK's top cake artists. the eggs were created as part of a feature for Cake Masters magazine - and feature in this month's edition.
maxwell morton, 16, has been charged with murder in the death of 16-year-old Ryan mangan at Mangan's home february 4. defense attorney Patrick Thomassey doesn't deny that Morton killed Mangan, but disputes that he meant to kill him. he says the boys were horsing around with a loaded gun when Mangan was shot in the left eye. 'Obviously, there was no animosity whatsoever between these two young men,' said the
personal trainer Mike heatlie, 42, launched the violent attack on fiona McCartney. he attacked her outside a nightclub in Edinburgh because she did not give him a cigarette. claims to have helped train no Doubt singer before her 2009 tour.
glamour model has unveiled her summer collection with honeyz.com. full of boho frocks, paisley prints and flowing maxi dresses. says launching her own range is a 'dream come true'
one-year-old orangutan was born at zoo in ohio but his mother and a surrogate failed to form a bond with him. he was moved to a zoo in miami and given to a second surrogate, but she did not form a bond with him either. the baby was handed over to Maggie, 53, who has already raised four of her own children and another surrogate which was given to her in 2002. the pair
six hostages hid in a freezer during January's Islamist attacks in paris. they have sued french media for broadcasting their location live. lawyer says it endangered lives of those still alive inside the store. lawsuit charges media with endangering lives by deliberately ignoring protocols.
Blanca Cousins, 15, fell to her death from her family's flat in hong kong. her father, 57, was arrested over alleged 'ill treatment' of her and her sister. he was also questioned over claims his partner, 53, overstayed her visa. police have applied for a 'care and protection order' for his second daughter. but she has been returned home pending a second court hearing.
diwalinen vankar, 58, fought off a 13ft crocodile with a washing paddle. she had gone to wash her 19-year-old daughter's clothes on the banks of the Vishwamitri river, 40 kilometres from vadodara, in west india. a mugger crocodile grabbed Kanta's right leg and dragged her into the river. vankar said: 'for a moment i
prisoner 'tried to snatch a rifle from a policeman and tried to escape' five men were en route to court in Hyderabad when police van stopped in desert. just one of the 17 officers guarding the van was left with minor injuries.
Andy Murray beat tomas berdych 6-4, 6-4 in the semi-final in florida. the world no 4 will face his nemesis, novak djokovic, in the final on sunday. it will be Murray's first Masters level final since winning the title two years ago.
beatrize carrion-Moore is accused of kicking a deputy in the groin and thigh several times before offering him oral sex in exchange for money. police were called to boonies bar in west palm beach on friday night after getting a report about a woman who was offering oral sex in exchange for money. the bar manager also told police the woman, 23, was 'extremely intoxicated'.
Ben Morgan has not played since breaking his left leg against Saracens. the 26-year-old has undergone final surgery to remove a pin from his leg. he is hopeful of playing at the forthcoming world cup in mid-September.
Raymond frolander, 18, sexually abused son, 11, at daytona beach home. he was beaten unconscious by furious father after he walked in on sex act. after arrest, police released mugshot showing him in bloodied state. now, defendant has been sentenced to 25 years in prison by judge. he pleaded no contest to charges of lewd and lascivious molestation.
the queen handed out 'alms' to 89 women and 89 men at Sheffield cathedral. joined by the Duke of edinburgh, the service is one of the uk's oldest royal customs.
blue tit collected moss, grass and straw to line her nest in damaged lamp post. blue tit usually takes between one to two weeks to build a nest ready for female to lay her eggs.
pilots of the Qatar Airways flight landed at Birmingham airport on monday night. severe winds foiled two landing attempts at Manchester, where plane was due to arrive. passengers were made to stay in their seats as they waited for plane to be refuelled and for a new flight crew to arrive. footage taken in Manchester airport shows passengers becoming frustrated with airport staff after events in Birmingham caused knock-on delay to aircraft's return flight to doha.
haley and kev Mulholland still share a house despite his infidelity. the mother-of-eight monitors his movements and checks his phone. she even sniffs him to see if she can smell another woman's perfume.
the organisms test positive for DNA, and have masses that are'six times bigger than the size limit of a particle which can be elevated from Earth to this height' the organisms, he claims, are contained in a microscopic metal globe designed by an intelligent species to'seed' alien life on earth. his views have been widely dismissed by the scientific community.
11 percent of computer scientists in higher education haven't had sex. nine per cent of physicists declared that they were still virgins. art and sociology pupils most likely to have had sex.
rotting remains of Jose Alberto, 58, found after neighbours reported smell. prosecutors believe he died while having sex with the scarecrow.
Steven abberley, 28, hurled a tirade of abuse at politicians during session. he then threw the glass balls from the public gallery, but they missed MPs. abberley then shouted 'you are all just liars' at prime minister david cameron.
Xiangnan Li, 23, was listed as a person of interest in the case. he is believed to have been the last person to see his girlfriend alive. he bought a one-way ticket to china in the days after she went missing. tong's body was found stuffed in the trunk of her car in september.
#a**holeparent has almost 4000 posts from parents all over world. most of the photos show children crying, followed by an explanation of exactly what their parent has done to upset them so.
Starbucks bought the garage in los angeles last year and have now finished its transformation into a drive through coffee shop. opened in 1935 by Gilmore oil, the art deco building served the drivers of Hollywood until it was abandoned in the 1990s. it was listed as a los angeles cultural monument in 1992, but was soon after left to vandals and graffiti artists.
half of three to six-year-olds say they worry about being fat. a fifth of girls under 11 confess to have even tried diets. 'if we say you are not pretty or good looking, don’t get offended,’ says Eleanor.
the inscriptions were found in Naours - a two-hour drive north of paris - and left for posterity by young men facing the horror of trench warfare. site's proximity to the battlefields, where more than a million men were killed or wounded, adds to the discovery's importance. one inscription found in a rough-hewn passage 100 feet underground read: 'james Cockburn 8th Durham L.I.'
employee at Ceva logistics in redford, michigan had no idea she was pregnant. staff heard moaning coming from a bathroom stall at around 10am on Tuesday. police were called to the office and found the 26-year-old worker had blood on her clothes, but there was no sign of a baby. when officers searched her work space, they discovered a newborn's lifeless body stuffed inside her bag and hidden beneath her desk. the baby was pronounced dead at a local hospital.
the hospital of dolls, or ospedale delle bambole as it is known in Rome, was built by the Squatriti family 60 years ago. today their descendants, Federico, 52, and his 82-year-old mother gelsomina, continue the family tradition. the mother and son team painstakingly restore hundreds of toys - carefully mending the porcelain heads and re-attaching the limbs.
Scar Booth is available from the apple iTunes store for 79p. it offers a gallery of 77 wounds - purportedly real ones - which can be superimposed onto selfies so you can 'prank' friends and family. anti-violence charities have hit back at the app for trivialising abuse.
the 45-year-old man had suffered from arteriovenous malformation for 20 years. this is a tangle of blood vessels in the brain which diverts blood from the arteries to the veins, bypassing normal brain tissue. caused facial deformities and problems with his vision and speech. he underwent the 'world's most complex' face transplant in february. doctors at the Vall d'hebron hospital in Barcelona say it was the most difficult surgery they have carried out
scientists analyzed 11 rock samples from around the nearly complete fossil skeleton from the. Sterkfontein Caves to gauge its age. the species was much bigger and taller than. Australopithecus afarensis, the species whose most famous. fossil, known as Lucy, comes from Ethiopia.
satellite TV operator DirecTV has pulled the plug on its popular advertising campaign featuring 80s heartthrob Rob lowe. cable company Comcast complained to the better business bureau's national advertising division (NAD) that the ads featured a number of false claims and the watchdog has ruled that several of the campaign's claims couldn't be substantiated. the ads all ended with lowe saying: 'Don't be like this me — Get rid of cable and upgrade to DirecTV'
modern humans are thought to have wiped out the ancient neanderthals 30,000 years ago. but new research suggests that infectious diseases carried by modern humans as they migrated out of africa may have led to their downfall. scientists from Cambridge and Oxford have found evidence that suggests our prehistoric cousins would have been infected by diseases such as tuberculosis, typhoid, whooping cough, encephalitis and the common cold.
clare hines was diagnosed with a brain tumour after suffering epileptic seizures. one week before brain surgery she found out she was pregnant. doctors warned her baby would not survive being under general anaesthetic for 12 hours if she had the operation. they also warned her pregnancy hormones would likely cause the tumour to grow significantly if she kept the baby. she decided to keep the baby and give birth to her son Noah. seven weeks after surgery she flew back to her home in the uk to
Pete Evans has been dropped as the celebrity ambassador for popular salad chain'sumo salad' this comes after his paleo cookbook for infants was delayed due to fatal health concerns. sumo salad maintain that their decision to not renew his two-year contract was made a long time ago. this comes at the same time that Evans announced that his disputed baby cookbook 'bubba yum yum: the paleo way' will become a self-published digital book.
researchers in the us and italy say they have evidence that DNA-like fragments may have come with 'instructions' that guided their growth into complex life forms 4 billion years ago. study is based on a discovery in the 1980s that RNA can chemically alter its own structure. RNA is similar to DNA, and carries out a number of jobs in our cells. scientists believe when life was in its early stages, RNA played a leading role in creating complex organisms before DNA and
trading standards officials raised the alarm over the Chinese made decorations. they were 'likely to contravene food imitation safety rules' eggs have now been withdrawn nationwide ahead of the Easter break.
Rebecca eldemire, 21, was shot repeatedly in the face with a.357 magnum by her boyfriend, 27-year-old Larry tipton. after shooting eldemire twice, tipton laid down face up beside her and fatally shot himself. 'on a desk within (Eldemire's bedroom) is a two-page (suicide) note written by him,' reads the report.
James Ramirez, 37, said he has concerns over the care of his wife. he was called to hospital at 3.45am after she had gone into labour. she had given birth by the time he arrived at 4.25am, inquest hears. 'i would say she was delirious, spaced out, obviously tired. she was pale'
despite thousands of foreign fighters flocking to join ISIS, its leadership is dominated by ex-members of the late Iraqi dictator's military. Almost all of the regional commanders appointed by ISIS' leader and self-declared caliph, Abu Bakr al-Baghdadi, played prominent roles in the Baathist army. one former Syrian rebel who became an ISIS regional commander found that almost all of the highly secretive officials overseeing the group's day-to-day
the dome-like lamp can be controlled wirelessly from any iOS or android device. it comes with seven preset light settings, including 'warm white light', 'cool daylight' and what Philips describe as 'five natural dynamic effects' the bowl-shaped lamp uses a rechargeable Li-ion battery and offers up to three hours of continuous light after a 90-minute charge.
Scott Suggs, 28, and brandy kangas, 36, arrested last december. found three children locked in'sparsely furnished' room in their home. room stained with urine and feces and had homemade 'gate' children, aged three and four, were fed through gate. pleaded guilty to three counts of felony child neglect on monday. but they have now been spared jail by judge at spotsylvania circuit court.
a chiropractor in butte,. Montana, would take newborn babies from their mother's arms and. hand them to their adoptive parents for as little as $100. the families were sometimes forced to throw their afterbirth out of the window because they were removed so quickly. the transactions formed the basis of a lucrative, illicit market that started in 1920s and grew until pitkanen stopped in the 1950s.
Huw Davies, 34, has been searching for permanent employment for 13 years. has a geography degree and three a-levels, but has not been called for interview. has spent time teaching in south africa, Kuwait and the desert kingdom of Saudi Arabia, but returned home as he wants to live in the uk.
face exercises have been around as long as youth has been considered beauty. first official guide was published in Paris in 1710, outlining beauty routine. today, the go-to expert is LA-based creator of facercise.
faith and hope howie were born on may 8 last year with one body and two faces due to an extremely rare condition known as disrosopus. their parents, Simon howie and Renee young, laid them to rest at pinegrove memorial park in western Sydney after they died after just 19 days. family members have visited the grave every week to leave mementos and flowers for the twins, but when they arrived on Thursday they found the site completely bare. their family and friends had built up a small
the 3,118 unidentified students were accepted as freshmen by the university in Gainesville for the fall after sending in applications for traditional first-year slots. but after reading their congratulations notices, they apparently realized they would need to agree to spend their entire first year taking classes online. the classes are part of a new program - the Pathway to campus enrollment - which started in 2015 and aims to accommodate a higher number of students.
militants entered the Yarmouk camp as Jordan closed border crossing with syria. it follows heavy clashes on the Syrian side between rebels and government forces. jihadis reportedly entered the camp from the nearby hajar aswad neighborhood.
Sabrina broadbent. tetzner, 32, fled the sect headed by convicted rapist Warren. Jeffs eight years ago. she finally gained full custody of her children (ages 8 to 13) last week. but when she tried to pick up her children from the community, she was physically stopped by hundreds of cult members hell bent on keeping the kids.
clare goldwin admits that she will sometimes fork out for Boden's brightly printed clothes for her daughter but not herself. she doesn't want to be labelled a Boden 'yummy mummy' at 50 paces. the fashion world is raving about Boden's latest collections. experts are putting the success down to the use of luxury fabrics.
a white man shouted a racial slur at a family of four on a day out in Portland. the family consisted of a black mother and a white father. the man was in a car filled with a group of young white men when he screamed 'hey n*****s!' at them before speeding off. the incident has caused a stir in the state - shocking some residents.
the university of Houston said in a statement Tuesday that it was paying McConaughey speaking fees totaling $135,000 plus travel expenses. the actor is donating his fees to his jk livin foundation, which the actor started to provide tools to help high school students lead active lives. the university initially balked at revealing McConaughey's fee, citing a confidentiality agreement with the booking agency.
silver hair lovers the world over posting images on social media under the hashtag #grannyhair. trend can be tracked back to jean paul gaultier's catwalk show at paris fashion week.
six women have filed civil lawsuits accusing him of unwanted sexual advances. 69-year-old founder of bikram yoga has denied the allegations in an interview with CNN. 'the answer is I feel sorry for them... they're entranced by somebody - lawyers,' he said.
current crop of male leads are rocking a 'pretty but gritty' look. shows such as Poldark, Vikings, outlander and game of thrones are embracing the look.
Kalman kallai travelled from Borden, ontario to comox, on british columbia. he took a green rocking chair that he acquired for free from a kijiji ad. sat before corn, a café, boats and water before rocking and making gestures with his hands.
police in lower moreland, pa received a call from an unidentified juvenile around 12:50pm and rushed to the home. the bodies of the 48-year-old husband and his 43-year-old wife were cut with what appears to be a chainsaw. while both bodies were cut with what appears to be a chainsaw, only Mrs Peppelman's death has been classified as a homicide. that suggests that the incident may have been a murder-suicide
#NotAnAprilFools feed was launched by campaign group let toys be toys. it is based on the idea that toys are so ridiculous they must be a joke. babygros for girls emblazoned with slogan that reads: 'i hate my thighs' while boy's effort offers up the much more pleasant: 'i'm super' images sparked a furious response from twitter users.
state authorities were suspicious that the 88-year-old author was somehow pushed into publishing the forthcoming go set a watchman. they launched two investigations into the circumstances surrounding the launch. investigators concluded that she is in a fit state to make decisions about the future of the book, and is not an elder abuse victim.
within ten minutes of tomorrow night’s episode, fans will see. aidan Turner’s dashing Ross. poldark gaze lovingly at his new baby daughter. but unfortunately it seems as if his heart is well and truly off the market.
michael schumacher's son made his pre-season test debut in formula 4. the 16-year-old accidentally went off the track during a training session. he was involved in a 100mph crash at the Lausitzring speedway in march. but the incident was minor and he walked away from the accident uninjured.
all saints church in wolverhampton re-scheduled the service today. vulnerable women can attend their regular Thursday sessions tomorrow. decision comes after drop-in sessions were cancelled on christmas and new year's day because they both fell on a Thursday. religious leaders have praised the initiative, which has been running since last august, as reflecting the core values of Christianity.
french military said the rescue of Sjaak rijke took place at 5am today. french president Francois Hollande said some militants were killed and others captured. but there was no immediate word on the fate of two men abducted at the same time.
a massive fire erupted around 7am friday morning at GE's appliance park in Louisville, Kentucky. the fire broke out in a non-production building, where up to 50 people work during a normal day. a GE spokeswoman said there are no known injuries at the structure, Building 6, where up to 50 people work during a normal day. a fire department spokesman said that building caught on fire and contained plastics.
Mike whitehead was standing against labour's Alan Johnson for the tories. he said he was 'disgusted' at the behaviour of the ruling conservative group. but it emerged this morning that he had already been sacked last week. tories said: 'this is typical ukip – cynical, misleading and calculating'
BBC1 boss confirms aidan's broody Ross will return for another series. actress Eleanor tomlinson, who plays demelza, will also return. about 8.1million people on average have watched each episode.
the 26-year-old oozes old Hollywood glamour in the series of shots. she dons a platinum blonde wig, a crimson pout and a dramatic cat-eye flick. max factor is widely accredited for transforming Monroe from a mousey brunette to a knockout blonde back in 1935.
a staggering 54 million hot cross buns, 2,900 tonnes of chocolate and enough prawns to stretch from sydney to cairns will be consumed over the holiday. australians can still enjoy their favoured seafood lunches. sales of lobster, oysters, prawns and fish will increase by 80 per cent.
Lindsey and her partner booked in for an overnight stay at the hotel. they were invited to a late-night party with escorts in the room next door. at 4am, to the sounds of pounding bass from the nightclub below, they decided to sit in the reception of the hotel rather than attempt sleep. their £82-per-night room included wallpaper hanging in shreds, holes in the walls and broken tiles.
a series of billboards posted around new york city are seeking to encourage residents to consider a move east to Detroit. the ads are the brainchild of a trio of people opening a new Thai restaurant in the motor city. they want to promote Detroit as an alternative for new yorkers who feel that city has got too expensive for them. there are four billboards — two in Manhattan and two in Bushwick in Brooklyn — which went up about a month ago.
Jennifer houle, 22, vanished from a bar in Minneapolis early on friday morning. she was later captured on surveillance footage walking alone on the 10th avenue bridge, which is 110ft above the river. police have not said whether she fell or jumped from the bridge. following days of searches, a body was recovered on Wednesday. the medical examiner's office identified the body as hers on Thursday.
Antonio valente, from Dallas, learned of the ruse when he received a message from marianne Heinrich, who lives in Vienna, two weeks ago. she told him that someone using the name 'johnson michael lynn' had created a fake facebook profile using photos of him and his seven-year-old daughter. after a few weeks of friendly conversations with Heinrich, the man said he wanted to marry her and move to Austria to be with her and his daughter. when she
at her heaviest, Amber tipped the scales at an unhealthy 46st (657lbs) she used food to control feelings of anxiety and to deal with her fear of failure but says all the comfort eating just made things worse in the end.
Kim piled on the pounds after the birth of her two children. as she became heavier she worried her husband would not see her as the'sexy' woman he married. she went on a dramatic diet that saw her lose half of her body weight. the 39-year-old has now shrunk down to a slinky size eight.
scientists have discovered a new type of virus that infects archae bacteria. virus causes one of its own genes to mutate - allowing it to adapt to the environment. it is the deepest life has yet been found beneath the ocean floor. discovery raises prospect that life may still be clinging on deep underground on planets such as mars.
Donny Ray Williams, who was once a staffer for the senator's homeland security subcommittee, pleaded guilty last year to raping two women in 2010 and 2013. prosecutors on friday asked that he be spared jail time because he is himself the victim of a crime - the effects of which will mar the remainder of his life. 'he gave me a random dose of drugs and risked my life,' one of his victims argued in a letter
women of ancient history had some fascinating methods for beautifying themselves. cleopatra famously bathed in donkey-milk baths. the geishas of japan used cow dung and urine to boost their beauty regime.
a nine-year-old boy and his eight-year-old sister have died in a car crash. Piper and William Kulk were involved in a fatal two-car collision on new south wales' central coast at about 5.15pm on saturday. they were travelling with their mother, Chantelle boddy, 31, grandmother Helen boddy, 54, and elder brother Daniel, 12. it is believed their holden aqua-planed, spun out of control and ended up on the
Bobbi Ann house, 39, and her husband, 27-year-old zackerie house, are accused of writing a series of bad checks worth at least $13,500. the couple were last seen making a fraudulent transaction for a 'large quantity' of outdoors supplies and groceries at a farm and ranch chain store. investigators believe the two are hiding out camping, but do not know where, and have asked anyone with information to come forward.
the unemployment rate remained at 5.5 percent, the labor department said in its monthly report Friday. employers now appear wary about the economy, especially as a strong dollar has slowed u.s. exports and home sales have sputtered. government bond yields fell Friday reflecting that sentiment.
chef ally Lees of alfie bird's restaurant in Birmingham created the dish. it is three-foot in circumference and contains 12,000 calories. it took an hour to ensure the eggs were cooked all the way through. the dish contains 945g of protein - 16 times the recommended daily amount.
the country is due to repay a £330million loan to the international monetary fund. but there were concerns the heavily indebted nation would default on the payment. Deputy finance minister said that Greece will in fact make the payment on time.
the wide leg trouser is at the forefront of SS15 trends. the trend has made a comeback since the seventies. lou and emma say denim is the easiest way to achieve the look.
the western escapade cul-de-sac is a real-life version of the tv comedy Stella street. the cul-de-sac of 11 white Art deco houses with private beaches at the end of hove promenade is a real-life version of the show. the homes were built between 1909 and 1910 by developer michael paget baxter when overcrowding on british beaches was the last word in luxury.
multi-millionaire hotelier bought his girlfriend a £10,000 chocolate bath. bespoke gift costs £1,000 each time to fill with 205 litres of milk chocolate. hotelier has previously said he enjoys flaunting his wealth.
federal MP Bob Katter released a bizarre statement on his party's website. accused the government of assuming embattled MP Billy Gordon would quit after he was recently accused of domestic violence. he said he's been personally subjected to racist attitudes from both major parties in the past.
AIDS healthcare foundation is accused of bilking Medicare and Medicaid in an elaborate $20 million dollar scam that spanned 12-states. three former managers of the company filed a suit last week alleging the company paid employees and patients kickbacks for patient referrals. employees were paid $100 bonuses for referring patients with positive test results to its clinics and pharmacies. kickbacks started in 2010 at the company's California headquarters and spread to programs in Florida and several other locations.
denise chiffon berry, 44, and her son were driving in hawthorne, california on Wednesday when they passed by three men in a Cadillac. one of the men had his legs dangling out of the window. the mother and son allegedly laughed at the scene, but someone in the car didn't find it funny when he made eye contact with the 12-year-old boy.
just 28 of 700,000 babies born in the uk in 2013 were given the name. that compares to 235 being born in 1996, when it was 147th most popular. in 2013, it didn't even make the top 1,000 names in the uk. some blame shamed pop star Gary Glitter for the name's decline.
former big issue salesman has sold more than four million copies of book. he has also churned out multiple spin offs – earning £500,000 in just three years. taxpayer has forked out £15,500 for the 36-year-old to live in housing association flat in Haringey, north London.
detective Patrick cherry is a member of the joint terrorism task force. he was filmed ranting at an Uber driver after he honked his horn. the driver, known only as Humayun, tried to repeatedly apologise to detective cherry. he is now under investigation by the civilian complaint review board.
Svetlana Lokhova was driven to a breakdown by a campaign of sexual harassment. workmates falsely accused her of being a cocaine user and dubbed her'miss bonkers' she was awarded £3.14million for lost earnings, £44,000 for hurt feelings and £15,000 in aggravated damages by judges at the central London employment tribunal.
a contestant on the daytime quiz show has walked away with a $21,960 car for free courtesy of a dumb mistake by the model hired to reveal the answers. manuela arbelaez removed the wrong price tag during Thursday's show. the model and host Drew carey both gasped after she revealed the true price of the Hyundai Sonata SE before contestant Andrea had finished guessing.
governor Jerry brown signed an executive order requiring the state water resources control board to implement measures in cities and towns to cut water usage by 25 percent compared with 2013 levels. the move will affect residents, businesses, farmers and other users. brown's order will require campuses, golf courses, cemeteries and other large landscapes to significantly cut water use. it also directs local governments to replace 50 million square feet of lawns throughout the state with drought-tolerant landscaping.
19 children attending a primary school in north Brisbane contracted whooping cough. parents have been urged to take vaccination more seriously there. infectious diseases expert attributed outbreak to anti-vaccination trend.
scientists at the university of Connecticut say we know how far away the source of a sound is by listening to the echoes it produces. in a study they found that the reverberation of sound helps us locate the distance of, for example, a car passing round a bend or a person nearby. they said that echoes and fluctuations in volume are the cues we use to figure out the distance between us and the source of a noise.
Siobhan O'dell, 17, from north carolina, was told she had missed out on a place at the prestigious college in her home state. she posted a copy of the email to her tumblr account, where it has attracted nearly 100,000 likes and reblogs since first being posted.
Christopher bridger, 25, attacked three women after separate drinking sessions. was jailed for 12 years after being convicted of rape and four other abuse charges. HCPC today struck him off the medical register for'serious breach of trust'
Kris and Katrina Wardle fell in love in 2002 when her son was ten. they married in 2011 with her teenage son, mark, acting as best man. less than two years later, his beloved wife was killed in a frenzied knife attack. 'if i called her perfect she’d just belt me round the back of the head, cause she knew damn well she wasn't perfect,' said Kris.
reality star starred in season 12 of bad girls club: Chicago. no details or cause of death have been released. exited the shower after getting into a fight with contestant jada.
single-mother and her son will be deported from australia within 28 days. Maria sevilla had her visa application rejected because her son's autism would be a 'burden on the australian health system' she appealed to the immigration department but was unsuccessful.
Brittany Lyn Hilbert of Orlando, florida was charged with domestic violence battery and battery of a person over 65-years-old. the elderly man called the police and told them that Hilbert slapped him in the face twice, knocking out a contact lens.
autocrat disbanded troupe shortly after death of his father in 2011. now he wants advisers to find suitable new women for the role. previous members retired and were married off to military generals. tradition established by dictator's grandfather Kim Il-sung.
prime minister took advice from martial arts pupils in warrington. suggested using jujitsu to 'put farage on the floor' in tonight's debate. but he later backtracked, insisting there will be 'no bodily contact'
Jaye and Matthew cox delivered their daughter, Annabelle, at just 20 weeks. scans showed she had developed a serious form of spina bifida. the couple contacted angel gowns - a not-for-profit organisation dedicated to turning donated wedding gowns into outfits for babies who die too soon. they created a dress from Jaye's wedding gown to bury Annabelle in.
a book designed to discover clever people in the 1930s has been republished. it is full of tricky questions and brain-teasers. the answers can be found at the bottom of the page.
the human rights commission said in a notice filed Thursday that there's enough evidence of age discrimination to merit a hearing on the stonehenge village complex's gym. the gym was meant as a perk to lure full-price-paying tenants, who shell out $3,500-a-month for a one-bedroom unit. tenants' association president Jean green Dorsey said being barred from using the gym smacked of second-class citizenship.
the clone of transvestite entertainer matsuko Deluxe made its debut on-screen. he shared the stage with his 'Matsukoroid' doppelganger for the first time. the robot was put through its paces in front of an incredulous audience.
radar images from europe's Sentinel-1a satellite have revealed the aftermath of the earthquake in unrivalled detail. by comparing before and after images, scientists have discovered mount everest shrank by about one inch due to the land that was shaken in the natural disaster. an area 75 miles (120km) by 30 miles (50km) has lifted up 3.2ft (1 metre) from the ground around the capital, Kathmandu.
twitter, facebook and YouTube agreed to remove chilling images. court imposed blocks because they were being shared on social media. photographs of a prosecutor being held at gunpoint were widely shared. the 46-year-old died in hospital after the siege in which he was killed.
labour party leader said it was 'not good enough' for millions of workers not to know how many hours they would be working. he said a labour government would give workers the right to demand a'regular contract if they do regular hours'
Tomas driukas arrested after paramedics called to his home in Birmingham. his five-month-old daughter was taken to hospital with breathing difficulties. infant, believed to be a twin, died later that day after suffering'several injuries' detectives arrested the baby's parents on suspicion of murder yesterday. neighbours described the couple as 'friendly' and 'kept to themselves'
four out of ten britons betting on the grand national make their choice purely down to the name of the horse. 70 per cent of women simply rely on pure chance. less than 20 per cent of those quizzed said their superstitions actually produced a win.
Jennifer barnett worked at archway school in Stroud between 1980 and 1997. she was diagnosed with mesothelioma - a cancer whose most common cause is asbestos. 60-year-old died last september, 14 months after being diagnosed. husband said wife had to cut sheets of asbestos while working on farm. inquest in January recorded verdict of death as a result of industrial disease.
the 30-year-old has no idea where she got the tick bite that infected her. 'i felt like I couldn't breathe, I couldn't talk and I couldn't move. I thought I was dying,' she said.
the novelist, who died aged 68 in April last year, achieved huge success with The Secret Diary of Adrian Mole, Aged 1334, when it was published in 1982.
Canterbury forwards could face demerit point penalties or a temporary game ban for their arguments with a referee at the ANZ stadium in Sydney on friday night. the match review committee will 'look very closely at' their behaviour. the highest contrary conduct charge, a grade five, carries a 525-demerit point penalty and a five-game ban.
adventure photographer Fredrik Schenholm looked on in amazement as Oscar flew down the icy slopes. lava from the 12,000 foot tall volcano bubbled furiously behind him. after lying dormant since 1976 the volcano suddenly erupted in November 2012.
Salcombe, in the south hams district of south west england, is the most expensive place to buy property in the country. according to new data, the average cost of property in the seaside town now tops the average cost in London. property prices in salcombe have soared 10 per cent in the last 12 months.
Zulkifli bin hir, a Malaysian member of the al Qaeda-linked jemaah Islamiah militant group, is dead. bin hir was killed in a gruesome raid that went awry and left 44 police commandos dead. the reward offered by the us state department for the arrest of bin hir was $5million.
formed in 2006, the daxing internet addiction treatment centre (iac) has so far welcomed 6,000 mostly young, mostly male patients. claims to have 'cured' 75 per cent of them.
Mike hand became wheelchair bound after being diagnosed with a tumour. 39-year-old is almost ready to leave hospital after surgery and rehabilitation. couple tried to claim for financial support to adapt their home. but because they don't claim any income support or benefits, they would have to earn 'virtually nothing' to receive the grant.
Gertrude weaver, 116, of camden, arkansas, became the world's oldest person on Wednesday following the death of 117-year-old misao okawa in japan. weaver, born on July 4, 1898, exercises in her wheelchair three times a week and eats three meals a day at the facility's dining room. the daughter of sharecroppers was born in Arkansas near the Texas border and worked as a domestic helper.
mother-of-two, kady marsh, took her seven-week-old baby aside to breastfeed at a popular Sydney hotel. she says she was confronted by hotel management and told she couldn’t breastfeed because the area was for 'over 18s only' 'he said we couldn't be there and told me to use the disabled toilet if I wanted to breastfeed in the hotel,' she says.
five years and 225 million units later, it seems many critics have been proved wrong. some industry experts have predicted that the iPad’s days are numbered. falling sales and a new generation of alternative devices could be to blame.
Richard Hutchinson, 40, attacked his former friend in a betting shop. the pair had fallen out over a debt of £300 and he had not paid it back. CCTV footage shows him run into the shop and throw a punch. victim was knocked unconscious and left with a fractured skull and bleed. he needed 16 days in intensive care and has now been jailed for two years.
woolly mammoth became extinct as a result of crippling bone disease. it was previously thought that the hairy beast simply died out from post-Ice age climate change and being hunted to extinction by early man. new evidence is set to re-write the history books after the examination of more than 23,500 mammoth bones found them riddled with osteoporosis and lacking in calcium. the major mineral deficiency resulted in them breaking their limbs and
boy, 10, climbed through a window at grant elementary school in dumont, new jersey on march 6 and jumped to his death, according to a new police report. he had been playing chess with another student when he became upset that his opponent didn't say 'checkmate' an aide overheard him saying to the other student: 'do you want me to do something drastic?' he jumped 'headfirst, unforced, unassisted and of his own
the 28-year-old was diagnosed with leukemia seven months into her pregnancy. doctors told her she could give birth via a caesarean section and undergo chemotherapy but both would require a blood transfusion. she refused both options due to her religious beliefs and her baby died in utero three days later. she had a stillbirth and died 13 days after her diagnosis after suffering a stroke and multi-organ failure.
gang targeted elderly couple in their 80s after they were tipped off. they ransacked their home in welwyn garden city, hertfordshire. verna Fisher, then 81, awoke in total darkness confronted by four men. she tried to cry out for help, but Darren Lewis had his hand clasped over her.
'my son seth, signed the petition asking me, dad, the governor, to veto this bill, and he gave me permission to make that reference,' he said. 'i love and respect my father very much, but sometimes we have political disagreements, just as many families do,' he added. 'i hope that the groundswell of grassroots opposition to HB 1228 and other similar discriminatory bills around the country will continue,' the younger Hutchinson said.
Robert durst, 71, appeared in court in new orleans accused of illegal gun possession. defense team was expected to challenge the case by accusing police of searching his hotel room without a proper arrest warrant. however, as a shackled Durst appeared to sleep in the courtroom, the judge raged at his attorneys for being unprepared. he was arrested on march 14 on charges of possession of a weapon by a felon and possession of a gun with a controlled substance
church of england's ambitious plans involve harnessing the energy of bath’s 45°c spring water to power a modern heating system for the building. engineers plan to excavate ancient crypts below the church to tap into a Roman drain where 850,000 litres of natural spring water empties every day into the ground. they hope to divert the warm water instead through a network of underground pipes to provide a world-first natural underfloor heating system for the abbey.
the historic steam yacht was designed in 1900 and built the following year. it first undertook war service as HMAS sleuth in world war I. it sank years later in 1981 near hobart after hitting an object underwater. now it is on the market for more than $1.2 million.
president milos zeman has been criticised over his plans to attend the annual parade in Moscow, marking the allied win at the western front in 1945. in response to the critique, President Zeman said Ambassador Schapiro is no longer welcome in the Prague Castle, the seat of presidency.
homes with a Waitrose nearby cost 12 per cent more – or £38,831. but having a budget store such as an aldi or a Lidl on your doorstep means your house could be worth thousands of pounds less. homes in areas with a Waitrose cost an average of £354,378.
captain of a ship that sank off the coast of africa'started applauding and cheering' when his vessel was entirely submerged. crew aboard sea shepherd vessel Bob barker found themselves taking on the role of saviours when the boat's distress signals were sounded. 'i took to be very unusual behaviour and further evidence that he deliberately sank his own vessel,' captain Peter Hammarstedt said.
single mother-of-two Bette Carrouze, 78, from bristol, loves all night parties. she regularly leaves clubs in the early hours of the morning. admits it can be a bit embarrassing to offer a bus pass while'stinking of vodka'
staff at Scooter's coffee, in Omaha, were locked out of the page. an 'unknown third party' then took control of the picture feed. page was plastered with adult cartoons - similar to those on delta and crayola's pages after they were hacked.
chocolate eggs contain around 550 kilojules. a medium chocolate bunny contains around 4400 kilojules. a man weighing in at around 80 kilograms could achieve the same in 30 minutes. if you've taken home a large chocolate bunny you can expect to spend at least three hours playing squash.
most reverend Justin welby said dead were'martyrs' in Easter sermon. he said Christians must resist persecution they suffer without violence. he said: 'to witness is to be a martyr' in both senses of the word.
rekha nagvanshi, 30, urinated in her in-laws' cups of tea for a year. Angered that her husband's parents had stopped him doing chores. claimed she would rather live with her parents in central india.
Adam rushton, 37, took advantage of being a beat officer to have sex with women. found guilty of five counts of misconduct and breaching data protection. denied ten counts of misconduct and two of breaching data protection. Staffordshire police labelled him 'a disgrace to the police service'
a swarm of sharks was spotted off the coast of south florida last week. photographer John massung was flying over Sebastian inlet when he saw the hordes of sharks swarming just 100 feet from the beach. the sharks were still out in the water on Friday, but the conditions weren't clear enough to photograph the scene.
Jennifer Williams, of Jeff Davis county, said that she would not sell flowers for a gay commitment ceremony or wedding. but she said that 'it doesn't mean that I love them any less' conservative Christian shop owners have come under fire after an Indiana pizzeria made national headlines for refusing service to gay customers.
the 28-year-old actress recently starred in a west end production of david mamet's speed the plow.
Lianne hindle, 37, died three hours after giving birth to their daughter. she suffered a cardiac arrest at the scandal-hit North Manchester general hospital. her death came just months after three babies and one mother died at the maternity unit, along with those of four babies and two mothers at the royal oldham hospital. her partner, 40-year-old Chris Barnes, said:'something has to be done. it isn't right'
the 11 defendants - including teachers, a principal and other administrators - were accused of falsifying test results to collect bonuses or keep their jobs. they fed answers to students or erased and changed the answers on tests after they were turned in to secure promotions or up to $5,000 each in bonuses. superintendent Beverly hall - who is thought to have received up to $500,000 in bonus payouts - died of breast cancer over the course of the trial. a 12th defendant, a teacher, was acquit
china's navy rescued 225 foreign nationals and almost 600 Chinese citizens from the danger zone in an unprecedented move by its military. they included 176 people from Pakistan with the remainder from Ethiopia, Singapore, Italy, Germany, Poland, Ireland, Britain, canada and Yemen. a Turkish naval frigate has evacuated 55 Turks from Aden.
former IRS official lois lerner refused to answer questions during a congressional hearing in may 2013. the house oversight committee had subpoenaed her after she refused to testify voluntarily about her role in the tax-exempt status scandal. the IRS gave conservative groups with words like 'patriots' or 'tea party' extra scrutiny. u.s. attorney for the district of Columbia Ronald Machen told house speaker John boehner in a seven-page letter
Joni Mitchell has suffered from morgellons disease for most of her life, and has dedicated herself to trying to get it accepted as a medical condition. morgellons sufferers say they are constantly itching, and large sores develop on their skin from which colorful fibers grow. Mitchell, who suffered from polio as a child, has recently been hospitalized after she was found unconscious at her home. the cdc reports that most people who claim to suffer from the disease are likely just experiencing anxiety, depression
jamyra gallmon, 21, has been charged with first-degree murder while armed for allegedly killing David messerschmitt, 30, on february 9 in washington, d.c. the woman admitted to police that she set up the lawyer using a masculine-sounding email address and went to the upscale donovan hotel with the intention of robbing him. the affidavit stated that the pair got into a struggle and the defendant pulled a knife from her pants
Tracy Stratton said her daughter, Tianni, suffered physical attacks and verbal abuse at greenacres primary school in south east london. she claims the seven-year-old has been left so traumatised that she has almost stopped talking and is afraid to leave the house. a psychologist diagnosed the autistic girl with PTSD, she added.
Samantha and david have ruled out adding to the family in number 10. reveals her doctor has told her: 'no way, Jose' during campaign. couple cooed over seven-week-old baby on a visit to Chorley, lancashire.
more than 2,000 office workers had to be evacuated yesterday due to the fire in Holborn. fire started in a tunnel carrying electrical cables, causing flames to erupt from the pavement. 35 firefighters and police officers remain at Kingsway, where flames were seen erupting from a manhole cover yesterday. more than 1,000 buildings remain without power today, with businesses, government departments and tourist attractions forced to close.
Joseph McEnroe, 36, from carnation, washington, was convicted of slaying four adults and two children - aged three and five - in 2007. the same 12 people that found him guilty of the murders are now determining whether he will be executed or sentenced to life in prison without parole. in an attempt to spare his life, he told the court on Thursday he 'thought' he had to kill Wayne and Judy Anderson, their son and daughter-in-
six-month-old baby died with traces of cocaine in her stomach in 2013. her drug-user parents had been reported to social services five times. review has called for lessons to be learned after agencies fell short. a day before her death, a health visitor was stopped at the door. police also found empty beer cans, drugs and a cigarette in the home.
Shauna got trapped in turnstiles of fairground ride after ballooning to 17st. was carrying three-year-old daughter lacey in her arms at the time. incident inspired the 25-year-old to make a drastic change. swapped takeaways for high protein diet of chicken and fish. now weighs just over 10 stone and has started new relationship.
David and Margaret-Ann Rous were on an Easter getaway when their private plane crashed into hills in the Scottish highlands. the pair had arranged a secret visit using mr Rous’s light aircraft to see his wife’s mother and sister on an island in the inner hebrides. but when the couple failed to turn up at the island’s airstrip and radar contact could not be made with the plane, a search party was scrambled. wreckage of the plane and the couple’
the company said the increase will be instituted starting July 1. it expects the average wage to be more than $10 an hour by the end of 2016, up from the current rate of $9 an hour. workers at fast food chains, including McDonald's, staged protests last year, asking companies to raise wages to $15 an hour and demanding a union.
Tiger woods announced on friday that he will be playing at the Masters next week. the 39-year-old played an 18-hole practice round on Tuesday at augusta national. 'i've worked a lot on my game, and I'm looking forward to competing,' he said.
aides Katie fallon and jennifer psaki are expecting babies in may and july of this year. they say the white house knew they were pregnant when they were being considered for the communications director job.'my immediate instinct in my head was to tell him I'm pregnant and this will be the end of this. he'll tell me good luck and be very kind about it and I'll be on my merry way,' said psaki. instead white house
Jessica ainscough, 30, died in late february after a long fight with cancer. spurned chemotherapy and radiation, choosing controversial treatment. partner tallon pamenter has revealed she was undergoing radiation. he said she was 'giggling and drinking green smoothies' in her hospital bed until the day she died.
labour leader has been getting a lot of praise for admitting that he 'blubbed' it's a nostalgic look back at a critical moment in 20th-century history. it centres on the 1984 miners’ strike and the plucky underdogs are a group of gays and lesbians who travel to south Wales to express their solidarity.
man seen leaning out door of van as it hurtled down outside lane of motorway. appeared to be laughing and making jokes with colleagues inside the vehicle. hung his body - and even a leg - out of the van as it hurtled down the motorway. incident is believed to have gone on for five minutes as man pulled off'stunt' just yards from lorries.
Donald had his son Ben when he was 73 and daughter poppy when he was 76. he believes he is the oldest living british new father. he says two children are more than twice the work of one. you have two minds and sensitivities to cope with, so equal attention is essential.
former hewlett packard head carly fiorina is attributing the years-long drought in California to 'liberal environmentalists,' whom she says brought on the state's water shortage with their policies. 'with different policies over the last 20 years, all of this could be avoided,' she told Glenn Beck during a Monday radio interview. the 'tragedy' of California, she said, is it 'has suffered from droughts for millennia,
four-metre long king cobra Raja has delivered almost 500 milligrams of deadly toxin for veteran handler Billy collett. the toxin is enough to fill a shot glass and 40 times the amount of venom of a brown snake. the snake's venom will be distributed between research institutes across the country.
Gigi, 19, credited her best friend for helping her deal with haters. believes former vogue model Karlie Kloss is comfortable with her social media persona.
Tara Mcintyre, 24, was left virtually wheelchair-bound after the crash. she had just popped out to the shops in her small KA when she was hit. court heard that Ben Hagon had taken prescription tranquilisers. he was more than twice the legal alcohol limit when he got behind the wheel. Hagon was jailed for two years and eight months at chelmsford crown court.
the threesome performed at the 30th annual Stellar Gospel awards in Las Vegas last weekend. it was the first time they performed together since appearing during the halftime show at super bowl in 2013 in new orleans. the group received a rousing standing ovation from the crowd.
the sisters have teamed up with 'print all over me', an online company that allows you to digitally design your own prints. they also teamed up with buffalo shoes, the brand behind the spice girls' trademark platforms. the photo shoot was their own idea, which according to Jess they 'threw together' because they don't like modelling.
governor Jerry brown observed the survey on Wednesday, which found the lowest water level in the Sierra Nevada snowpack since 1950 when records began. the fourth consecutive year of vanishing snow spells trouble as California depends on it to melt into rivers and replenish reservoirs. the governor's order requires cities and towns to cut water use by 25 percent.
vowed to help ‘make it right’ for city’s thousands of displaced citizens. backed the building of 104 homes in the lower Ninth quarter of the city. source: 'he took this personally and was even helping to bang in nails'
the tiny fishing village of Jose Ignacio is almost unknown around the world. but every summer it hosts the creme de la creme of the fashion world. celebrities stay in shabby chic cottages or sleek hotels overlooking the sea. even the luxury boutiques are designed in the shabby chic beach style.
graeme Oxby, 50, documented the dedicated fans at events across britain. he even visited their homes to capture images for his photo series, called 'The Kings of England'. 'Elvis was a unique phenomenon, the prototype superstar,' he said.
motorist attempted dangerous manoeuvre on the a39 between street and Glastonbury. but he badly miscalculated as the road narrowed and lost control at 50mph. he swerved in front of the truck and his caravan whiplashed into a lamppost. the car ended on the opposite side of the road with what remained of caravan.
atif saeed, 38, from lahore, spotted the male lion in the distance. armed only with a camera, he crept to within 10 feet of the hungry animal. the clicking sound of the camera's shutter alerted the lion to his presence.
Takako konishi, 28, was found dead in the frozen wastes of north dakota in 2001. it was claimed that she believed the film fargo was real when she arrived. police officer said she kept repeating the words 'fargo, fargo' but it turns out that it was all a simple misunderstanding between a small town cop and the woman who could not speak english.
Asia siddiqui, 31, and her former roommate, 28-year-old noelle Velentzas, were arrested in queens, new york on thursday. they are accused of plotting a terrorist attack with Velentzas, who was arrested in a separate incident. it was revealed that siddiqui had previously published a poem in an al Qaeda magazine which was the precursor for inspire. the poem, titled 'take me to the lands where the eyes
more than 121,000 people worldwide are members of mensa. a top two per cent score on an IQ test will qualify you to join. or you can provide evidence that you are already in the top two per cent of the population.
students this year will likely spend of a third of their prom budgets on the elaborate new ritual of promposals.
new series on ITV will highlight plight of animals arriving at centre in Birmingham. show will also feature horses, ferrets, rabbits, guinea pigs and birds. 'as a nation, we are the land of the underdog and the land of pets,' says host.
Konstantin sivkov wrote a column for the Military-Industrial Courier. he said that Russia needs new'megaweapons' to unleash chaos. the new system would serve as an asymmetric threat against the us. sivkov cites hurricane katrina's impact on new orleans as an example.
nine members of same family arrested in turkey – including son of a labour councillor in Rochdale. the family – including councillor Shakil Ahmed's son waheed, his cousins, aunt and four children – are expected to return to the UK this week. but the outspoken labour candidate said it was 'unacceptable' that people who were prepared to join ISIS should be free to come home.
researchers have found a similar pattern in two apparently unrelated places - cells in human skin, and the mysterious fairy circles in the Namibian desert. while the distribution of desert fairy circles may look random, the pattern closely matches the distribution pattern of skin cells. the duo used satellite images of fairy circles and a computer to draw lines halfway between each pair to give them invisible boundaries that look similar to cell walls.
department store has slashed the prices on almost 200 products. desperate bid to flog Christmas trees, festive ornaments and decorations. comes after it spent £7million on its tear-jerking 2014 christmas advert.
passengers on flight from glasgow to Ibiza risk being kicked off the flight. alcohol purchases from duty free shops are no longer allowed in the cabin. airline refused to explain the reason behind its decision. follows a handful of incidents involving boorish behaviour.
Ashley white, 30, and her partner, 32-year-old paul thomas, have been charged with felony child abuse and neglect. their 5-year-old son, Noah, was last seen watching cartoons on the morning of march 22. his body was found in a septic tank near the family's home on march 26. the couple's 6-month-old daughter was removed from their home and placed in the custody of social services.
terror group said it would also imprison anyone caught smoking or turning up late for prayer in further draconian crackdowns in its stronghold of Raqqa.
the state-of-the-art helicopter has a luxurious 88-square-foot cabin and space to fit 20 passengers in boardroom-style comfort. the craft is aimed to be a limo in the sky for offshore oil and operations and also expects to be used for difficult search-and-rescue and firefighting missions. purchasers are expected to use the craft for difficult search-and-rescue and firefighting missions due to its huge capacity.
Tim McNaughton's body was discovered alongside his father's near a shooting range at a farm in the caves, near rockhampton in central Queensland on Tuesday. in February 2012, Tim was issued with a ‘shooter’ firearm licence by the northern territory police. posting a photo of the license on the social media site he alarmingly wrote: ‘Mwahahaha do the realize what they have just done [sic]’. the deaths are being investigated as a murder-
two trainee obstetricians have been removed from a newly developed $2 million hospital in southwest Perth. the move was purely based on reshuffling junior medical faculty. the hospital went on 'baby bypass' when the maternity unit opened four months ago due to an unexpectedly high number of women giving birth.
prince of wales flew in a 250mph Spitfire from goodwood to the island of wight. royal will arrive in australia tomorrow for a month-long attachment with the australian defence force. the 30-year-old relished his adrenaline-charged flight from goodwood to the island.
photographer Kayli henley was snapping pictures of six-month-old Taos and his 20-year-old mother, Sierra Sharry, when she asked if she could make their family complete. so henley took a photograph of Smith from the family and, with a ghostly filter, fitted the image around his girlfriend and son, as if he were standing over them. Sharry called the ghostly final picture 'amazing'
the unidentified man and woman were in their 50s and from Cleveland, police said. blood was found in the cabin aboard the MS Ryndam, but it was unclear how the couple died. the ship departed Tampa, florida, on Sunday for a two-week cruise in the southern Caribbean.
the 26-year-old royal was seen partying at Shoreditch house last night. she was joined by boyfriend, virgin galactic's Dave Clark, 31,. looked glamorous in a knee-length black leather dress. unfortunately the dress is sold out but we have found great alternatives.
the young princesses were let loose to join the jubilant crowds in london. the adventure has been re-created in a new film, released next month. the film will coincide with the anniversary of VE day on may 8, 1945.
the president of the association of professional flight attendants wrote the sponsorship deal was at odds with kidman's role as a united nations women's goodwill ambassador. the union has waged a public campaign against Etihad and other united arab Emirates airlines claiming they 'are well-known in our industry for their discriminatory labour practices'.
90 per cent of patients were able to get an appointment in 2013/14. the 10 per cent who could not amounts to around 33.8 million unsuccessful attempts each year - or 81 per surgery each week. the shambolic situation is responsible for as many as a quarter of A&E visits, the researchers say.
the $2 billion fiona Stanley hospital in southwest Perth was stripped of its medical service provider serco after they failed to return sterilising equipment. the company was fined $60,000 and was subject to department of health workers auditing its staff. the hospital has been found of continuing to operate with poorly sanitised instruments.
thief posted raunchy pictures of herself online and flirted with men. she suggested they meet up and then spiked their drinks and ransacked their homes. the 21-year-old has been nicknamed the 'black widow of facebook' she was caught after trying to trick police that she was an innocent bystander.
Nicola Horlick, 54, whoraised six children while working in the city. felt a noticeable difference in her body between first child at 25 and last at 38. juggling child-rearing with boardroom duties meant she had to breastfeed. eldest daughter Georgina died from leukaemia in 1998 age 12.
Jennifer McGirr, 61, said the abuse started when the windows were smashed. she also claims to have had a stream of intimidating phone calls since starring on channel 4's 'four in a bed' During the show, she described other hotels in blackpool as 'grim'.
young couple Jay alvarrez and Alexis rene love nothing more than travelling the world. the pair share their stunning and carefree images on their tumblr blog as well as on Instagram. their travels take them across the globe, from their home state of California to Hawaii and Indonesia.
Ricky yoes, 57, of grand prairie, texas, received a postcard a couple weeks ago saying he had six outstanding code violations and a warrant out for his arrest. issues Yoes has been cited for in the past include high grass over a foot long, overhanging tree limbs, a dilapidated wood fence, an inoperable vehicle and junk in the yard, and a dirty swimming pool. he turned himself in this weekend and spent
Sharon Freundel gave a lecture at a Maryland Jewish school about how to respond to traumatic experiences. in October, her husband, rabbi Bernard 'barry' Freundel, was charged with spying on dozens of women who changed in their synagogue's ritual bathroom. the 63-year-old pleaded guilty to 52 misdemeanor charges of voyerism and is set to be sentenced on may 15.
Ralph body, 41, manned the front desk of the luxury 27 on 27th building in long island city, queens. he says he 'gave his life' for his tenants and would go out of his way to do any personal tasks they asked, all while keeping a cheerful smile on his face. but when he insisted he only did what was asked of him, he says his employers with Heatherwood communities said it didn't matter.
the Lusitanian toadfish lives in rocky crevices in the Mediterranean sea. males build nests under rocks during mating season and sing to attract females. they also make rhythmical noises that sound like boatwhistles. this is important because males nest close together and form singing choruses. specific whistles from larger specimens are particularly effective at deterring another fish from picking a fight and stealing a nest.
fire started when leo knocked one of cooker's knobs, switching on hob. heat from one of hob's rings set fire to a child's seat on the appliance. owner's son and daughter's boyfriend managed to escape unharmed.
urologist cut peepholes in shampoo bottles and hid his iphone inside. he then slid the device under the partition of shower cubicles. dr omar saadi al-atraqchi, 42, faces being struck off the medical register. he pleaded guilty to four counts of voyeurism and was fined £500.
the bizarre search began on the gold coast as authorities tried to locate the reptile which could pose a threat to local wildlife and even people's pet cats and dogs. snake catcher Tony Harrison warned that if the large-predatory boa has inclusion body disease 'it can be unbelievably contagious if that gets loose in australia' but officials have now given up looking for the snake and authorities will instead put up a warning sign.
memorial display at dusseldorf airport reveals first picture of pilot. captain Patrick sondheimer tried to break down cockpit door. he spent up to five minutes trying to smash his way into the cockpit. co-pilot and killer pilot Andreas lubitz had been plotting the disaster online.
airstrikes targeted rebel-controlled army camps in port city of hodeida. also hit warehouses belonging to factory that produces dairy products. comes as Saudi-led campaign to defeat rebels enters seventh day.
Bunkie king, 60, has finally laid to rest rumours about her relationship with Australian actor Jack Thompson and her older sister. the mother-of-two had a 15-year affair with the womanising actor. she also revealed how she shared one man with her sister, 20-year-old Leona - nicknamed 'le'. when she first moved in with the siblings she was 'allocated one night a week' with the actor. but then they relocated to colla
ex-bon jovian guitarist, 55, allegedly threatened to 'dig a hole in the desert and bury her' during a blazing telephone argument on march 19. former flame Nikki lund, 33, decided to report the allegation to authorities a week later. police in the wealthy los angeles suburb of calabasas confirmed to daily mail online that Sambora is a 'person of interest' in an active investigation into criminal threats.
the PDSA has said that obesity levels in pets are at an all-time high. around one in three dogs and one in four cats are already said to be overweight. too many treats, the wrong type of food and lack of exercise are to blame.
Arnold Quintero, 21, from. San Antonio, Texas faces a string of charges after the girl told police she was punched and forced to. undress in front of her attacker. he faces two charges of aggravated sexual assault of a child, one of sex performed by a child under 14, bodily injury to a child and possession with intent to deliver.
national union of teachers said new counter terrorism rules have'shut down debate' in schools. teachers said they now feel nervous discussing controversial issues. fear they will be pressured to report youngsters who share their opinions.
E-scapes is the world's first 'virtual holiday' experience on social media. a dedicated team of social media specialists prepare a tailored itinerary. includes airport check-ins, status updates and attendance at events.
Billy-Anne huxham, 18, was kidnapped at knife-point by her ex-boyfriend. she was found by police in maroochydore, on the sunshine coast. her ex-partner, 32-year-old Carl garry chapman, has been charged. he has been charged with assault, torture and deprivation of liberty.
ink may extend all the way to the wrist once the rules go into effect. regulations about the size and number of tattoos are also set to be dropped.
health minister Dan poulter saw his weight fall from 105kg to 102.5kg. lib dem minister Tom brake and labour frontbencher gavin shutker imposed strict cuts on their calories. each was given strict orders to eat more healthily and do more exercise.
rodney and his two sons and five daughters used a generator for power. they were last seen alive on march 28. police found their bodies on monday after friends, school workers and Todd's family helped search for them. the family had been living in a rental home since November.
gibbons produce soft call types, known as 'hoos', that are almost inaudible. predator 'hoos' in particular were produced at frequencies well below the threshold of hearing for eagles and other birds of prey. a dictionary that decodes the calls produced by gibbons is being developed.
real housewives of new jersey star lost his driver's license and was fined $10,000. pleaded guilty in October to unlawful use of an ID and impersonation. his 18-month sentence will run concurrently with his 41-month federal sentence for bankruptcy fraud and failing to file taxes. his wife, Teresa, is serving a 15-month federal sentence on the fraud charges. judge said he has a 'general disrespect for the law'
summer Robertson, 21, drowned after being overpowered by fierce currents. she was with three other members of a team that had completed a 10-week charity adventure together with the latitude youth volunteering group. her parents have paid tribute to their 'bubbly tomboy'
shadow chancellor accused of 'letting the cat out of the bag' on tax rises. refused to rule out lowering the amount workers have to earn before the higher income tax rate kicks in to raise money to balance the books. number of people paying 40p tax has already risen from 2million to 5million. tories have promised to lift the threshold if they are returned to power.
Gemma flanagan, 31, was left paralysed after being hit by a rare illness. she assumed partying during a stopover in las vegas was the cause of her pain. but for seven months she was frozen in her own body, unable to move, speak or even swallow as the illness took hold. she spent seven months in a specialist unit where she learned to talk, write and even partly walk again. today she is taking part in a show called 'the beauty within'
the 38-year-old mother from south australia was caught streaking by a camera car for the popular google maps app. police claim she 'pursued' the car to make sure she was captured exposing herself, and that it was an illegal act. she plans to skydive topless for her 40th birthday and says she is happy the picture appeared online and thought it was funny.
a 51-year-old woman has been charged with a string of offences. she appeared in her neighbour's front yard brandishing a crowbar. she verbally abusing the men and swinging the weapon at them. the incident took place in Cloverdale, east Perth, on saturday. the defiant woman insists she was the victim, reports 9news.
Louis Jordan, 37, was stranded 200 miles off the coast of north carolina. suffered no sun damage, was not dehydrated and refused treatment in hospital. the crew who rescued him said he had a small smile on his face.
Adam Crapser, 39, of salem, was issued with deportation papers by the department of homeland security in January. the father-of-three, who has a fourth child on the way, arrived in america with the name Shin Sonh Hyuk in 1979 around the age of three along with his biological sister. however, his first set of adoptive parents abandoned him and the second set turned out to be abusive. at no point did his guardians seek the green card or citizenship for him that they should have
man, Ibrahim jalloh, and another australian, Bengali sherrif, were reportedly arrested at Guangzhou airport in June 2014. they were allegedly in possession of a substantial quantity of ice. it is believed sherrif's sentence could be reduced to life in prison.
writer believes he has compiled compelling evidence that proves Jesus did not exist. claims there are no contemporary mentions of Jesus in historical accounts from the time when he was supposed to have lived. he also points to discrepancies in the early gospels of mark, Matthew and Luke.
Taliban release bizarre biography of their 'charismatic' supreme leader. praises one-eyed terrorist's'special' sense of humour and love of grenade launchers. enigmatic, remote figure has not made public appearance since 2001 invasion.
Randy Johnston, 68, from Dallas, decided to leave two 'fake poops' on his granddaughters' beds. his son then went about filming the moment of discovery. but footage shows that the prank turned out to be decidedly disastrous, with Randy's six-year-old granddaughter getting red-faced and dramatically crying in horror.
Zeid Raad al-hussein told a special session of the human rights council. he said if reports are true, boko haram have committed crimes against humanity. 'gruesome scenes of mass graves and further evident signs of slaughter', he said.
notes from top secret meeting between u.s. and russian officials reportedly reveal Putin is planning 'destabilising actions' in pro-western Baltic states. these disturbances are thought to involve cyber attacks or ramping up local ethnic tensions in Estonia, Latvia and Lithuania. two other potential flashpoints identified that could lead to nuclear war between Russia and the west: the ongoing conflict in eastern Ukraine and any future attempt to return the annexed Crimea to Ukraine.
Kourtnie A. Sanchez, 25, was arrested Monday on charges including electronic solicitation, unlawful sexual relations, solicitation of unlawful sexual relations and promoting obscenity to a minor. she was a student teacher at Marshall elementary school in Eureka, kansas, during the fall 2014 semester. prosecutors allege her victims were aged between 15 and 17. it is unclear how many victims there were.
115-year-old jeralean Talley of inkster tops a list maintained by the los angeles-based gerontology research group, which tracks the world's longest-living people. 'that's the best advice I can give you. it's not in my hands or your hands,' she said.
amateur jockey loses balance as he approaches final fence of 4.20 at wincanton. colliding with the fence forces the 18-year-old rider into a spectacular somersault. the jockey from hawick is made to look like a crash-test dummy.
a study by ofcom says 4G speeds in the UK are slower than promised. mobile phone companies boasted 4G would be five times faster than 3G. but the actual figure is actually only 2.5 times faster - 14.7 megabits per second. this compares to 5.9Mbit/s per second on the 3G service that most people use. more than 10 million people have been won over by the promises.
John R. Lind, 34, admitted tainting Pat maahs' drink with his semen. he masturbated over her desk multiple times while she was away. pleaded guilty to indecent exposure, defined as engaging in lewd behavior. he will be sentenced for the misdemeanor on may 22.
750 victims of a medical experiment run by the u.s. in Guatemala that deliberately infected individuals with syphilis are suing the university for $1billion. in the aftermath of the experiment, some of the individuals died of syphilis, with open sores covering their bodies. others claim they passed the disease down to their children, ending up with babies that were born blind, severely handicapped, and, in at least one case, without a brain. the lawsuit claims that officials
animal charity has no more legal actions left under the Hunting Act. case against William Bryer, joint master of the renowned Cattistock hunt, was dropped last month. follows criticism for spending £22.5m pursuing animal welfare prosecutions last year.
the havasupai tribe are the smallest Indian nation in the u.s. the village of supai has a cafe, general stores, a lodge, post office, school and a chapel. the plot was claimed by the tribe from the national park rangers in 1975.
Li Chien, 30, had been visiting a nearby pub in north-eastern Taiwan. his bed-time ritual was interrupted by the dog from next door. he grabbed a bread knife from kitchen and went to neighbour's yard. he slit the throat of the mixed-breed called Lucky.
residents danced in the streets, blared their horns and joyously waved their national flag following the breakthrough deal. the agreement between Iran and the west, struck after a 12-year stand-off, aims to prevent Tehran making a nuclear weapon in exchange for phased sanctions relief.
depressed Donna Oettinger, 41, had sought urgent psychiatric help in the months before she and her son died on train tracks in south London. she had attempted to kill herself three months before the tragedy. her mental health had declined after discovering Zaki's father, an Egyptian national who could not travel to the UK, had a second family, an inquest heard. coroner has ruled that doctors and social services in charge of looking after Ms Oettinger, made five'significant
Mohammed alam, Sayed Juied and Sadek miah raided homes in west london, hertfordshire and surrey over 11 months. raiders took a Ferrari, porches, minis, paintings and cash worth £1million. police said gang treated robbery 'like a job, a profession'.
an unnamed trader made a profit of approximately $2.5million on friday thanks to a tweet from the wall street journal. the trader purchased 315,800 shares of chipmaker Altera one minute after the Journal reported that Intel was in talks to buy them. the trader paid $36 a share, and the call option was a mere 35 cents as options on the stock, at that point valued at $34.76 a share, were set to expire in just a few weeks.
the eVolo Magazine skyscraper competition was established in 2006 to recognise 'outstanding ideas for vertical living' the first place in this year's contest was awarded to a team of polish designers for its project Essence skyscraper. the main body of the building is divided into 11 natural landscapes including open floor plans, water floors, fish tanks lifted up to 98 feet (30 metres) above ground, and jungle areas. eVolo said the winners were selected for their 'creativity, in
historian Stuart wexler says that the bureau chose to cover up the potential role of a high level informant in the killing rather than tell the truth. by destroying the files the FBI disobeyed a direct order not to do so from a Congressional committee set up to investigate the killing.
the 27-year-old is serving a 35-year sentence for espionage and computer fraud after being convicted in 2013 for leaking a slew of military documents and thousands of diplomatic cables to wikileaks. she sent out 15 tweets on friday to thank her supporters, including the american civil liberties union, amnesty international and journalist Glenn greenwald. within just a few hours @xychelsea racked up more than 16,000 followers.
Deborah fuller, 56, dragged her dog Tango for 400 metres behind her car. the Rhodesian ridgeback was left with injuries to all four paws and grazing. he was also left with a deep wound on his elbow and a deep wound on his elbow. fuller denied causing unnecessary suffering to an animal but was convicted. she was banned from keeping animals for five years and had her dogs confiscated.
new yorker Sarah theeboom was inspired to give up using products on her hair after she ran into an old friend whose once dry, frizzy locks were smooth and shiny. her friend explained that she had simply stopped shampooing, opting to partake in the apparently-popular 'no poo' movement.
ten officers from guernsey police executed search warrants at the practice. health department raised concerns about deaths of four patients. a doctor was excluded from treating patients at the mignot memorial hospital. the practice in Olivier street is run by dr. rory lyons.
more than 1,000 Cuban properties are listed on the popular home-rental website. 40 per cent of Airbnb’s listings in Cuba are in the capital of havana. one of the biggest hurdles is the lack of internet access across the island.
a growing number of australians are dressing up in hand-made costumes of their favourite comic book, television show or movie characters in the name of cosplay. cosplay has exploded online and at conventions across the globe. tech and gaming journalist, 33, has been selected to host the cosplay championships at this year's Oz comic-con.
nauseating footage was captured on a camera phone at a school in Portland, oregon. well-built man excitedly asks 'everybody ready?' before swinging axe. he then hits his co-worker in the groin - causing him to squirm violently.
members of the banned leftist group - known as the DHKP-C - took senior Turkish prosecutor mehmet selim Kiraz hostage last week. both the prosecutor and the hostage takers were killed after a police shoot-out. pictures emerged of the hostage takers holding a gun to the prosecutor's head during the siege.
blue bell has suspended operations at an Oklahoma production facility that officials had previously connected to a foodborne illness linked to the deaths of three people. last month, the company and health officials said a 3-ounce cup of ice cream contaminated with listeriosis was traced to a plant in Broken Arrow, Oklahoma. the now-recalled ice cream product - cups of chocolate, strawberry and vanilla - is not sold in retail locations and is shipped in bulk to 'institutional accounts' such as hospitals in 23 states that comprise
Salvina formosa, 101, has been taking part in step classes to improve her fitness and strength to walk after tripping over an uneven footpath. the widow, who was never keen on exercise in her youth, now does weights and sit-to-stand exercises several times a week. the 101-year-old wakes up at 5am every morning and attributes her longevity and wellness to her fitness.
fan site appleinsider has spotted nine job listings on apple's official recruitment site in the past month that relate to batteries. these include one for an iOS battery life software engineer and another for a software power systems engineer. all-day battery life on the apple watch is based on 18 hours of use. when used as a watch the battery will last for 48 hours if checked five times an hour.
the youngster was thought to have been in the toilet on board the ferry. rescuers were throwing themselves into the water after the engine exploded. the ferry was carrying more than 100 passengers on its way to Phuket.
Ugaaso Abukar boocow, 27, is trying to change people’s perceptions of Somalia with her photos and videos. with 68,000 followers, her Instagram feed is a mixture of selfies, snapshots of daily life and Somali traditions. many of her photos show peaceful scenes, happy faces and stunning beauty spots.
Gizelle Laurente booked her son, Jacob, on a flight from Darwin to Brisbane. but she was told he would not be able to fly with the airline's unaccompanied minors service. ms Laurente said she told the captain her son had been given a higher dose of his usual medication, which a doctor told her would help ensure he was calm throughout the flight.
Kamron t. Taylor, 23, was awaiting sentencing for murder when he escaped from the Jerome combs detention center in Kankakee at about 3 a.m. he hid inside the facility, then beat and choked the guard who was making rounds. by wearing the guard's uniform, Taylor was able to fool other guards in a master control room who opened three sets of doors for him. he repeatedly pressed the guard's key fob to
Hakaoro hakaoro was jailed for 20 months in 2014 for working without a licence. the 55-year-old has been found guilty of six new complaints by tribunal. the shocking new allegations include inviting women into his house to enter a sexual relationship with him as well as asking them to carry out household duties.
young girl was pictured weeping after mistaking aid worker's camera for weapon. photographer did not realise how scared she was until he was editing images. he said: 'i had tears in my eyes when I saw her like that on my computer' it follows now-iconic image of four-year-old girl surrendering last year. girl ran alone and barefoot through camp's rocky terrain.'she raised her hands to surrender because she thought it was a weapon'
Ryan burns of Eureka, california, said he could barely believe his eyes when he went out to investigate where the beeping was coming from. he swiftly whipped out his camera phone to film the canine at the wheel. footage shows the animal standing up with his front paws firmly pressed on the horn.
Kevin pimentel, 12, shot dead his six-year-old brother, Brady, as they made dinner in their mobile home in florida last week - before turning the gun on himself. their 16-year-old brother, Trevor, attended the boys' funeral on Wednesday. as many as 400 people attended the service in port richey, florida. their mother, 38, and another brother, 18, were not home at the time.
Tiffanie diDonato, 34, from north carolina, was born with diastrophic dysplasia, a rare form of dwarfism. she underwent numerous limb-lengthening surgeries as a child so she would grow to be 4'10 tall, instead of her previous height of 3'8. but even with the additional inches, parenting a rambunctious toddler can be difficult, and she often has to use crutches, or sometimes a wheelchair
Crsity Collins was using crystal meth every day and spending $500 a week to keep up her drug habit. the 30-year-old took herself to the emergency room six times while suffering drug induced psychosis. she said she was never offered support despite claiming bugs were eating her eyes. the former paramedic made her story public in an effort to raise awareness about the drug and the lack of support available for its victims.
Bhutan is a tiny Himalayan kingdom wedged between Tibet and india. it is a land of myths and magic - a land of tigers and witches. the country measures its success with a Gross National Happiness index.
Carlos Colina, 32, pleaded not guilty to charges of accessory after the fact to assault, battery causing serious bodily injury and improper disposal of a body. remains, including a torso and limbs, first were found in a duffel bag discarded outside the building of technology company biotech. the head of victim Jonathan camilien, 26, of somerville, was found in a recycling bin in Colina's apartment building across the street.
Dangelo Connor, from new york, filmed himself messing around with a powerful stung gun. he first electrocuted a coke can, but his antics all went horribly wrong. he electrocuted a metal bracelet while he was still holding it.
orgasmic meditation is a practice that marries sex with mindfulness. it involves the light stimulation of a woman's clitoris for 15 minutes. aim is not to orgasm but simply to 'feel' the sensation as intensely as possible.
married father-of-two Steven Christopher Costa, 31, plans to head to the middle east. he will leave his wife and young children behind to join the war against the terrorists. former seaman was recruited through the foreign fighters Against ISIS facebook group.
the experiment is being run by researchers at the Japanese space agency (jaxa) it will examine the cellular process of formation in thale cress. this will examine whether a plant’s ability to work out which way it is growing - the gravity sensor - can form in the absence of gravity. results could help farmers on earth get a higher crop yield - and may also help future astronauts grow plants on missions beyond earth orbit.
a judge has ordered the IRS to hand over a list of the 298 tea party organizations it targeted with broad and often intrusive questions when they applied for nonprofit tax-exempt status. the decision means right-wing groups are a step closer to being allowed to pursue a class-action lawsuit against the government. the agency has admitted playing political favorites with the tax code beginning in 2010, when it began applying extra scrutiny to groups with red-flag words like 'patriots' or 'tea party'
easy-to-drink cocktails come in pretty colours and sweet flavours. but they often contain high amounts of alcohol and can leave your head spinning. these ten cocktails are sure to floor even the hardiest of drinker.
Lisa colagrossi, 49, collapsed from a brain aneurysm while returning from covering a house fire in queens, new york on march 19. her mother lois colagrossi was at her daughter's funeral on march 23 when she was approached by her daughter's boss Camille Edwards. sources told page six that Edwards was then shuffled away. colagrossi's family has denied any grudge against either Edwards or the station
Kristin Holmes, 26, allegedly uploaded image after being mistaken for another woman. captioned photo: 'i'll post a few actual pics so you know the difference' then 'exchanged words' with other users on the site, it is reported. she has since been charged with harassment by computer, it is reported. facing class 1 misdemeanor that could result in one year in jail and $2,500 fine.
Nigel farage called for the number of arrivals into britain to be limited at 50,000 a year. claimed overall caps on net migration – as pledged by the tories – would be ‘ludicrous’ because it was impossible to stop people leaving the country. ukip’s manifesto chief later added to confusion by saying the 50,000 limit ‘might change every year’.
three-year-old siamese earned £2.18million last year from adverts. that's just £220,000 less than model cara delevingne, who earned £2.4million. Lagerfeld said his cat was picked to appear in adverts for cars in germany. he said she was 'too sophisticated' to be used to advertise food.
manual for party's supporters urges them to appear 'level headed' and 'agreeable' also provides stock answers to ease voters' concerns over radical platform. comes amid growing scrutiny of party's manifesto commitments. membership surged to more than 50,000, outnumbering lib dems and ukip.
the national football league has hired its first female ref, according to a report. the 42-year-old referee for college football's conference usa has been considered before for a position in the league before she was chosen to start in the league next year. she has previously refereed preseason games, scrimmages and minicamps.
the 28-year-old was once a regular on red carpets and social media. now he is rarely seen out and about and is thought to have struggled with weight gain. his sister Khloe has previously revealed that she believes her brother suffers from social anxiety.
Joshua malatino and his then-girlfriend, Samantha. Scott of the snow kone Joe ice cream truck business were charged in. April 2013 after the driver of a rival truck said the two had repeatedly harassed and stalked him. the resolution to the case marks two years of bitter legal battles between malatino,. Scott and Phillip Hollister, of Mr. Ding-a-Ling, who the pair were accused of stalking.
latisha fisher, 35, charged with second-degree murder in the death of 20-month-old gavriel Ortiz-Fisher. she allegedly smothered him with her bare hands inside a bathroom at 5 Boro burger on west 36th street in midtown on monday. she told police: 'i was afraid that someone was going to eat him so I was protecting him. i put him to sleep with my hand' she was evaluated as mentally fit as
Paris Picnics delivers picnic baskets filled with wine, baguettes, cheese and crisps. customers can pick from one of the four picnic options on offer and order online. picnics are the brainchild of american couple Patrick Johnson and Katia Kroupnik.
Kathrin goldbach and her family reportedly fled their home in montabaur. they are said to be afraid of being blamed for the germanwings crash. 26-year-old maths teacher and her rescue volunteer brother told friends they do not plan to return to their home in the centre of the close-knit rural community.
Jordan waddingham scoured through bushland at Karoola, north east of Launceston in Tasmania to unravel the plague of wasps. the 12-year-old made a startling discovery when he stumbled across the gigantic two-year-old nest near a creek bank. it took two days to unearth the nest from the ground and four men to carry it out of the bush.
Chris trokey, a paramedic with the orange county fire authority, saved the life of dr michael Shannon in 2011. he was trapped in his burning SUV after it was t-boned by a semi-truck. the two men were reunited at a fundraising event for childhood cancer.
a 71-year-old man and 64-year-old woman were both charged with unlawfully possessing a firearm after a police search found a rifle and ammunition in a home in bundaberg. the pair, both from bundaberg, will appear in the bundaberg Magistrates court on Friday. the carcasses of more than 50 greyhounds were found at the bush site in coonarr, near bundaberg, on Tuesday. police said it was unclear how
Randy Pierce, from new hampshire, lost his sight when he was just 22 years old, from a neurological disease that also left him in a wheelchair. he was one of only 10 percent of competitors to successfully complete the Tough Mudder's 'King of the Swingers' obstacle last week. he had to jump off a ledge and grab a piece of rope that he needed to swing to a bell 25 feet in the air, before falling into a pit of
the 85-year-old won 212 races during his 14-year racing career. he has swapped high-octane cars for a tiny electric car with a top speed of 50mph. sir stirling said he sees fitness as a 'way of life' which is why he is still so confident behind the wheel.
Tina Campbell, from south east london, paid £100 for the weave. she was forced to seek urgent medical attention after her scalp became infected. the 29-year-old spent the day of her 29th birthday in bandages. but the incident has not deterred her from getting hair extensions again.
footage shows 27-year-old jared Henry of Arkansas being knocked off his longboard to the ground while the doe spins on its stomach into a ditch. after coming to a standstill, Henry rolls over on the tarmac and opens his mouth in apparent pain. the pro-sportsman was shooting a video for the Fayettechill outdoor clothing brand before the freak accident took place. the deer apparently broke its pelvis and died while Henry recovered from the incident unscathed
the red lady's remains were found in the El mirón cave in cantabria, spain. radiocarbon dating suggests she was buried 18,700 years ago. when the remains were first uncovered they were stained with a sparking red material, later found to be red ochre from a haematite crystal. they were also adorned with yellow flowers and an engraved stone. but the reasons why she was buried in such an elaborate tomb continues to baffle archaeologists.
Taylor Davis, 20, was seen in the kissimmee, florida store, touching himself and possibly following a female shopper on Tuesday. a worker who called police found the suspect in his car in the parking lot. he was arrested on disorderly conduct and criminal mischief and released on a $750 bond.
parking attendant Roberto Cinti mistook the throttle for the brake in a Ferrari 599 gto. the 2012 supercar can hit 60mph in just 3.3 seconds and ploughed through a shop front in anzio, south of Rome.
posters are due to be put up in pub and club toilets as well as bus stops. they urge women not to leave their friends alone on a night out. anti-rape campaigners have criticised the message in the posters. they argue it implies victims are responsible for getting raped.
the seven-bedroom mansion in scarsdale, new york, hit the market this week as he prepares to face murder charges in california. realtors have glossed over the coincidence, and the checkered past involving the 71-year-old's mother's apparent suicide at the age of 32. would-be buyers could inherit a wood-paneled library, a three-car garage, an outdoor dining room and even a solarium.
children as young as two were squashed by teenagers and adults weaved between them picking up candy. the event, which did not break the world record, was to raise money for victims of human trafficking.
the Easter holidays mean days off work and a chance to spend time with the family. but it can be hard to think of enough things to keep the little ones active. this roundup of events from across the country will provide fun everyone.
federal government regulations and the american heart association have for decades warned that excess salt contributes to the deaths of tens of thousands of americans each year. as the federal government prepares its influential Dietary Guidelines for 2015, some scientists are now saying that the average american salt consumption rate carries no risk.
passenger made the discovery on a train travelling between Lichfield and longbridge. the 52-year-old said the smell was so bad it forced the operator to cancel the service. a spokesman for the operator said the 'act of vandalism' was 'disgusting'
Samsung will reportedly be the main supplier of the A9 chips in apple's upcoming iphone range. the Korean tech giant has previously supplied apple with various iPhone parts. but following legal disputes, apple shifted away from Samsung and signed a deal with TSMC to produce the A7 seen in the iphone 5s.
Canadian fair trade network team up with the advertsiing agency rethink. images feature clothing labels telling tragic stories of factory workers. each label says that the product is 100 per cent cotton - but adds that is not the whole story.
Fergus Simpson from the university of barcelona applied a mathematical formula to assume aliens obey the same laws of conservation of energy as animals do on earth. this means that larger animals need more resources to survive. if intelligent extraterrestrials exist they will typically weigh 650lbs (300kg) - the median weight of a polar bear.
the replica cave has been built near Vallon-Pont-d'arc in southern france. it contains 1,000 painstakingly-reproduced drawings as well as 450 bones. the original ‘grotte Chauvet’ was discovered around 20 years ago. it is the oldest known and the best preserved cave decorated by man.
66-year-old laughed when asked if her mother's son was her brother. it has never been reported before that the singer underwent the medical procedure. in 2013, mia farrow admitted that crooner may be the father of her son.
meaghan hudson, 25, said she had multiple myeloma in december 2013. the nursing student said she was suffering from a bone marrow cancer. friends rushed to support her, even shaving their heads and getting tattoos. a fundraising website was set up by her stepmother and she raised $5,000. her sister believes that her alleged stunt was a cry for attention.
the ukip leader said he wanted to 'keep his mind as clear as possible' but he admitted he would break his drink ban at 6pm before the showdown. he said: 'i just want to keep my mind as clear as I possibly can'
Tuti Yusupova's friends claim both her birth certificate and passport prove she was born on July 1, 1880. they now want the Guinness book of records to document that achievement. current record holder is french woman jeanne Calment, who was 122 when she died in 1997.
seven babies and three mothers died at two hospitals in just eight months. investigators called into royal oldham and north manchester general. review found 'notable absence of clinical leadership' in maternity wards. also found 'failure to adequately plan care' in a number of cases.
unique psychedelic cartoon depicts the eponymous submarine from 1968 film. rare celluloid painting, known as a cel, was used as a master version. artists working on the film created all other images of the wacky vessel.
maxine fohounhedo, 30, was charged in december with kidnapping and raping a female passenger he picked up after she ordered an UberX ride the month before. the 22-year-old woman told police she fell in and out of consciousness during the ride. she alleged that she eventually woke up in Fohounhedo's apartment as he was having sex with her. she called police the next day and a rape kit was administered at
convicted drug dealers' last-ditch legal appeal against their death row sentence was heard in Jakarta's state administrative court on monday. the court decided against allowing the pair's lawyers to challenge the president's decision to deny the two australians clemency. attorney-general HM Prasetyo said the pair would be executed soon and there would be no more delays.
india mayhew, seven, suffered serious head injuries after horse bolted. she was rushed to hospital from the hill station but doctors declared her dead. she had been riding just metres ahead of her father and a member of staff.
Alison hall, 48, was at work when she took out her blue salbutamol inhaler. she took a sharp breath and felt something shoot to the back of her throat. the mother-of-one ran outside in a panic when a neighbour came to her rescue. after five minutes of choking, a false nail finally came loose from the back of her throat.
Ruanne Dellal, 61, says she is owed up to £385million by her late husband. claims he must have given away vast chunks of his fortune in secret deals. says she is owed a'reasonable provision' following his death in 2012. claims six of her husband's children are the supposed beneficiaries of his handouts.
the 50-page divorce papers were found in a bank in a bank in california. they lay bare the film star's 'cruel and inhumane' treatment of his bride. Chaplin's union to Lita grey, who was nearly 20 years his junior, lasted just three years. the original copy is set to fetch an estimated £15,000 when it goes under the hammer.
anti-ageing doctor Julie Epstein has been found guilty of medical misconduct. she had been prescribing steroids and hormones to 40 patients. some of the patients had a history of abusing similar drugs in the past. the doctor could also face being struck off.
researchers reviewed more than 800 school threats covered in the media during the first half of the 2014-15 academic year. about one-third of cases involved violent remarks sent anonymously via text message, social media, email or other online means. law enforcement officers say the use of the modern technologies has made it much harder to determine if a threat is real and to find the culprit.
desperate fans were forced to pee into plastic cups as lines for the bathroom at Wrigley field stretched through the concourse and out into the stands. the bathroom debacle caused people to wait more than one hour to get to one of only two working bathrooms. according to those who were there, some were left with no choice but to relieve themselves while standing in line. traumatized fans uploaded pictures to social media showing the intense queues and plastic glasses filled with urine.
'Pie-egg-ra' dish contains one and a half Cadbury's creme eggs. fryer blind-bakes pie casing before stuffing eggs into it as filling. lid is put on before pie is battered and deep-fried until golden brown.
mother-of-two Lindsey Norman spotted the image in a six pack of £1 buns. she said: 'that looks just like a figure of Jesus with a sign of the cross on his shoulder'
medical professionals at the university of Arkansas for medical sciences in little rock ruled out several causes for a 56-year-old man's kidney problems. the man was admitted to the hospital in may complaining of nausea, weakness, fatigue and body aches. the chemical oxalate was found to have clogged the man's kidneys, to the point that they had become inflamed.
fashion police co-host, 40, released memoir going off Script on thursday. details her tumultuous relationship with ex-boyfriend Jerry O'connell. rancic said in excerpt: 'i was being two-timed for one of the lesser spices?'
former boxing promoter, 61, underwent final sex change operation last week. was expected to stay in hospital for 10 days but has been released early. faces six weeks recuperation period at home with children Sophie, 20, and Libby, 14. she tweeted: 'i am proud to be the woman i should've always been'
Ivan Carlos, 22, and 18-year-old Brenda avilez were sleeping in a trailer at the Lone oak mobile home park in palmetto at around 2.30am Wednesday. the driver of the white Chevrolet SUV lost control of the vehicle and crashed through the fence, killing the couple. the fetus of avilez, who was nine months pregnant, did not survive. the driver, 35-year-old Christian Crawford, who had recently been released from prison, was taken to a
the Milat Letters is a compilation of 94 notes from convicted serial killer Ivan milat to his eldest nephew. in the letters, he tells Shipsey about his 'fair share' of'sheilas', who write'some frightening things' - and one woman who has even proposed.
a close family friend of the journalist's, financial pundit. ed butowsky,confirmed late last month that the 43-year-old had been hospitalized for at least the fourth time this year. on february 11, 2011, Logan was the victim of a'sustained and brutal' sexual assault as she reported from Cairo on the resignation of president mubarak. she was surrounded by a mob of 200 - 300 men after being dragged away from her
cressida dated prince harry for two years, after being introduced to him in 2012 by princess Eugenie. the pair split last year, despite rumours that they had secretly got engaged and planned to marry. the 26-year-old has bagged herself a modelling contract with mulberry, starred in a west end stage play and is now destined to act alongside Dame Judi dench.
the hot spot, near the four corners intersection of. Arizona, Colorado, New Mexico and Utah, covers only about 2,500 square miles (6,500 square kilometers), or half the size of. Connecticut. a recent Nasa map shows it produces more than triple the standard ground-based estimate - and researchers say they don't know why.
the length of working visas for live-in nannies from overseas could be doubled. industry experts want to attract more workers from Asia where wages are low. extending au pairs on working holiday visas to stay with one family for a year instead of the current six months is another option. around 10,000 au pairs travel to australia each year.
John and elizabeth Knott lived in an 'idyllic' £500,000 retirement cottage. but 71-year-old had been struggling to cope with his wife's Alzheimer's. he had spent months battling plans for a traveller encampment next door. retired company director was concerned camp would affect value of home. last august he shot his 70-year-old wife before turning the gun on himself.
cave photographer, John spies, 59, captured the sheer magnificence of the vast, yet intricate, underground wonderland. Tham Khoun ex caves are so exquisite they don't look real at first, which is perhaps why locals believe that spirits inhabit the underground wonderland. with over 15km of awe-inspiring passages and wide expanses of water, it really is one of laos' hidden treasures.
Richard and angela maxwell scooped £53,193,914 on the draw on tuesday. the couple, both 67, became 10th biggest winners of the national lottery. they have only modest plans for what to do with the huge windfall.
Diane and Bob greenberg, from new hope, pennsylvania, decided to split their family down the middle when it came to religion. Diane took charge of their daughter, Katie, while her husband taught their son, Steven, 21. while Katie remains a committed Christian, Steven is now agnostic.
star reader was diagnosed with biliary atresia within days of being born. her parents were told she would need a liver transplant to survive. her twin sister, shanell, offered part of her organ to save her.
Virginia Roberts had hoped to join lawsuit involving prince's friend Jeffrey Epstein. but judge ruled her claims that she was forced to have sex with the Duke of york should be'struck from the record'
the outage 'briefly had an impact on the white house complex' but it was 'back on the regular power source' by the time he began his briefing an hour and a half later. the source of outage was not immediately known, but the department of homeland security has said there's no evidence of malicious intent or terrorism related activity. a possible cause was an explosion at a power plant located in southern Maryland, according to the Associated press.
Jeffrey Williams, 20, is accused of shooting and wounding the officers on during a rally on march 12. all inmates are informed their phone conversations while behind bars are recorded and can be used as evidence against them. but despite the warning, Williams spoke freely about the incident in calls made from the St. Louis County justice center. in another conversation, Williams expressed concern about a possible lengthy prison sentence.
disgraced banker Andy Hornby is non-executive chairman of pharmacy 2u. he was in charge of HBOS when it collapsed in 2008 and sold details on. many of those whose details he is selling on are the most vulnerable in society.
the photo of 101-year-old arizona woman Rosa camfield cradling her new-born great-granddaughter became an online sensation two weeks ago. but behind every picture is a story and Rosa's is every bit as inspirational as the photograph that captured the hearts of millions. speaking to daily mail online, Rosa's granddaughter, Sarah Hamm, 33, detailed her grandmother's life from tumultuous youth in the depression era, to a difficult divorce in the 1950s
Miami Herald columnist lesley abravanel told daily mail online that sources close to dr brandt said he had hanged himself at his home. abravanel said brandt, 65, was 'devastated' recently over rumors comparing him to a character on the Netflix show, unbreakable kimmy Schmidt. the cosmetic surgeon died after ‘suffering from an illness,’ his publicist said.
abandoned badger cubs nursed back to health on diet of custard creams. one escaped death after being carried away in a dog's mouth. one of the cubs, named little star, was half the weight of an apple. retired farmer, 65, says they're growing at an astonishing rate.
Arkansas governor asa hutchinson rejected a previous version of the bill at the last minute on Wednesday following public uproar and a personal plea from his son. 'i think it’s sending the right signal, the way this has resolved, to the world and the country that Arkansas understands the diversity of our culture and workforce,' he said. the two, GOP-controlled states were in a frenzy this week to quell national outrage over legislation meant to satisfy evangelicals who do not believe they should
Christian Englander, 30, threw a banana peel at comedian Dave chappelle during a show in new mexico on monday, hitting him in the leg. he was arrested on suspicion of disorderly conduct and battery. on wednesday, he threw another at a man who confronted him about the first attack outside a bar in santa fe. he said: 'i'm sorry that my joke was misconstrued as a
pet GPS system developed by sendum wireless corp. available for $50 per flight. aims to make passengers feel safer about bringing their pets on flights. between 2010 and 2013, delta reported the greatest number of animal incidents and was held responsible for 41 of 97 reported deaths.
in the first standoff, officers fired 'without necessarily having identified and lined up their target', the 130-page document states. they also reportedly failed to appropriately aim their guns. amidst their chaotic shooting, transit cop Richard donohue was critically wounded. it is unclear whether he was shot by an officer's bullet. in the second standoff, an officer 'fired his weapon without appropriate authority', causing others to believe the bomber was hiding in a boat.
antiquities found on display at the honolulu museum of art after a tourist noticed the dealer, subhash kapoor, was listed as their source. agents from the u.s. immigration and customs enforcement will take the items back to new york and eventually return them to india. dealer Kapoor was arrested in 2011 and is awaiting trial in india.
Frida Kahlo: The Gisèle Freund Photographs is a new book by french photographer, gisèle Freund. in the images the late artist is seen at her most relaxed, walking around her house in Mexico. the pictures give an unparralled insight into her life with many of the pictures taken in the years before her death in 1954.
Xiangyu Ouyang, 26, was on a state-sponsored scholarship from Singapore when authorities say she began dosing the bottles with paraformaldehyde. 'i am truly sorry for what happened, but I really didn't mean to harm people,' she allegedly told authorities. the recipient of Singapore's prestigious agency for science, technology and research (a*star) scholarship has been dropped from the top university and could face up to 8 years in prison.
five-month-old Elijah suffers the fatal genetic disease type 1 spinal muscular atrophy (sma). born strong, he's now'very floppy', and doctors say he won't live to see his second birthday. his heartbroken parents have compiled a 30-item bucket list for their son to complete before he passes away.
stunt performer, Antti pendikainen, defied gravity by floating effortlessly above the snowy peaks of Riksgränsen in Sweden. the brain child of Finnish extreme sports group, Stunt Freak team, the barmy bunch spent just three hours conjuring up the plan. by using wood from an old truck bed, a tandem parachute and of course, duct tape, the group managed to strap the materials together.
baby boys and girls were surprised when a ball seemed to disappear. when given the ball to play with, they repeatedly banged it on a table. babies were similarly perplexed by a toy car that appeared to defy gravity.
the three men - Thomas Jordan Driver, 25, David Elliot moran, 47, and Charles Thomas newcomb, 42 - were arrested Thursday and each faces one state count of conspiracy to commit murder. the state said the murder plot started after Driver, an officer at the department of corrections reception and medical center in rural north florida, had a fight with the inmate. moran is currently a sergeant at that facility. newcomb was fired in 2013 for failing to meet training requirements,
two passenger jets allegedly came within 25 seconds of a mid-air collision. incident occurred over the Arabian sea in airspace controlled from india. resolution Advisory (RA) was given to both planes, which means the distance between the two aircraft could have resulted in a collision within 25 seconds. both carriers insist safety of passengers was never compromised.
former premier made an unannounced visit to Mongolia last month. ecologists fear he is being deployed to encourage western investment. there is concern over plans for development of the sacred pine-covered region 65 miles north of Ulaanbaatar which has £1.2 billion gold reserves. the region is dotted with the burial mounds of the ancient rulers of the ancient Hun civilisation, dating back to the first century BC.
researchers cut real skin samples and then attempted to rip them apart. they found that rather than simply tearing, mammalian skin actually has sophisticated stress resistance properties that prevent holes and cuts from expanding. using x-ray beams they were able to observe the microscopic changes that take place in skin to help it resist tearing. they discovered curly fibers of collagen straighten and stretch in response to a tear to share the load and prevent further damage.
the 48-year-old tourist used an eyeliner pencil to write her name and the day's date on the dome of the cathedral. it's the second time in four weeks that italian police have charged a holidaymaker for defacing a landmark.
Marvin "papi gallo" Jones and Ramon Luis Nicolas were in the middle of a bout when the black phone slipped out from Jones' shorts. referee Frankie Santore Jr. went over to pick up the Samsung Galaxy and looked like he was chastising Jones, who seemed confused. the audience and viewers were baffled as to why Jones had his phone in his shorts.
bridewell prison in Liverpool was once home to men and women detained for petty crimes. the Grade II listed building was previously known as bridewell prison, and was completely secure. the thick lead paint has been stripped from doors and brick walls, exposing traditional brickwork and iron work features. the quadrangle of former cells across four floors has been transformed into slick modern rooms.
Ashley doody, 30, allegedly stabbed her family dog with a kitchen knife. she was allegedly high on bath salts and thought the dog was possessed. the dog lost a lot of blood but is expected to survive. she has been charged with aggravated cruelty to animals.
17-month-old girl went to feed pony and didn't meet her at gate. her mother went to investigate and found her dying on the floor. left side of pony's skull caved in, left eye battered out of socket. vets had no option but to put distressed pony down.
the block's four apartments are now on the market with auctions pencilled in for April 28. before then the apartments will be open to the public on April 11-12, with thousands of people expected to turn up for a look. teams will be hoping to do better than Darren and dea who pocketed just $10,000 for months of hard work. the team that makes the most receives a $100,000 bonus.
one in three GP training places remain unfilled, new figures show. medical leaders warn junior doctors fear being overworked. news comes amid a chronic shortage of doctors across the country. last week 10 per cent of patients tried and failed to book a GP appointment.
the 75-year-old said she thinks the duchess is cautious when it comes to clothes and is told what to wear by advisers. she added she is right not to follow in the footsteps of her late mother, princess Diana.
people wearing thongs are no longer allowed in the Qantas lounges. the airline warned back in february that it would begin strictly enforcing its business class lounge dress code from April 1. disgruntled customers have taken to social media to complain.
misty Machinshok, 33, jailed for 15 to 30 years for plot to have another child. she 'coached' her husband on the best positions to conceive, and held her hand 'the first few times' her 29-year-old husband has admitted raping the girl 'every few days' in 2013. he also admitted sexually assaulting her 11-year-old sister but struck a plea deal which means he cannot be charged for it.
Hitchcock was born in 1899 in leytonstone, east london, the son of a wholesale grocer. his entire oeuvre was a study of voyeurism, violence and guilt, with, on the one hand, the rape and murder of vulnerable women.
voters in last year's parliamentary by-elections lodged complaints about aggressive campaigning tactics. one voter complained wealthy party donors were luring young activists to a key seat with the 'unfair' promise of free curry. others accused politicians of 'fly-posting', while detectives were called when scraps broke out over conflicting 'political views'
Jean-Marie le pen said he had 'never regretted' making similar statements. his daughter marine immediately distanced herself from the comments. she said she 'deeply disagrees' with 'deliberately provocative' father.
over the past 10 years, the percentage of multi-millionaires globally has grown by 71 per cent. the city formerly known as saigon has seen a 400 per cent rise in multi-millionaires calling it home. but as far as the highest-ranking cities, Hong Kong comes out on top with 15,400 multi-millionaires.
police were called to a gas station in the early hours of friday morning after receiving complaints about a car blasting loud music. the 38-year-old suspect smiled, said, 'i'm out!' and took off from the scene. he jumped into the murky waters of brush creek and spent 10-15 minutes swimming back and forth in chest-deep water. when firefighters tried to pull him out, he threatened them with a log. the suspect has been taken to an area hospital to be
Alex stock, a former friend of supposed victim 'jackie', was portrayed as a callous social climber who discouraged a rape victim from speaking out. 'i think the rolling stone absolutely should be held accountable', he said in a TV interview. professors from the Columbia university graduate school of journalism pointed out 'basic, even routine' failures in how the story was prepared.
Anthony Ray hinton, 58, was released in the morning from the Jefferson county jail in Birmingham after 30 years on death row. his sister sobbed as she hugged her brother: 'thank you Lord, thank you Jesus' hinton says he shouldn't have had to wait 30 years for investigators to test the gun that was seized from his home.
environmental activists rescued 40 crew from a sinking ship. charity Sea Shepherd believed it was engaged in illegal fishing. the ship sank in perfect conditions, leading to suspicions it was deliberately scuttled. the ship's captain'started applauding and cheering' when the vessel sank.
Adele Berry was put through to a call centre in south africa when she phoned the mobile phone company over a problem with her bill. she made small talk with the call handler to fill 'dead air' but did nothing to suggest she was interested in him. but she was left stunned when she received a string of flirty texts from the man. he called himself her 'future hubby' and promised to buy her shoes.
abdel-kader Russell-boumzar was granted bail in Brisbane's Magistrate court on Thursday after a 69 day stint behind bars. the 17-year-old shot to notoriety last October when footage of him apparently spitting on and racially abusing 56-year-old train guard Josphat Mkhwananzi went viral. he was charged with numerous offences, including serious assault, creating a disturbance and racial vilification
these exclusive pictures show dermatologist and cosmetic surgeon to the stars, dr Fredric brandt, the year he graduated from high school. they were taken at the age of 18, when he was, in his own words, just ‘a Jewish kid from newark’. it is two days since the famed 65-year-old doctor was found hanged in his Miami home. he had been left ‘devastated’ by recent rumors comparing him to the grotesque character of d
'my, my! at waterloo Napoleon did surrender,' sang the fab four in their famous Eurovision song contest winner. 'waterloo' quickly entered the english language as a synonym for 'a decisive defeat'
ginger tabby cat sneaked into a shipping container in egypt before 3,000 mile journey to hereford. staff at Mediterranean linens heard meows coming from inside the container. the eight-month-old kitten had made a bed for himself in one of the boxes. the RSPCA was called out to investigate and found the ravenous kitten. he was taken to a vet in hereford where he was fed a little at a time.
journalist Jonathan maitland said the public is'ready' for the play. he said the majority of critics are eager to know when it will be shown. an Audience with Jimmy Savile will open in london in June.
Rita, 24, has been unveiled as face of Rimmel's latest beauty campaign. showcases brand's colourful new collection of eyeliners, lipsticks and nail varnish. also partied with fashion's finest at Tommy Hilfiger's new store opening.
Kevin perz, 56, a father-of-four and business owner, has been looking up the teachers he has fondest memories of from his days at parkway central high school in Chesterfield, Missouri. over the past few years he has been mailing them a 'gift'. in 2002, he sent a $10,000 check to his former business teacher. but his home economics teacher was the hardest to find, because perz only knew her as'mrs mecham'
police had opened an investigation into the incident in hawes, north yorkshire. but victim Oisin Tymon told police he did not want to press charges. officers have now dropped the probe without taking action against Clarkson.
Richard curry, 71, was told he had malignant melanoma in his septum. was told he would have to have his nose removed to stop cancer spreading. was then told he could be fitted with a prosthetic nose. had magnetic implants inserted into his cheekbones and nasal cavity.
Haria hrynenko, the landlord of 121 second avenue in the east village, could face criminal charges for second-degree manslaughter and reckless endangerment. Nicholas figueroa, 23, and Moises locon, 26, died when the apartment building collapsed last week following a massive blast. investigators have now shifted their focus to what caused the explosion, with suggestions someone improperly tapped a gas line.
the 20-month-old boy was rushed to Coolah district hospital on march 23. he was reportedly choking and struggling to breathe. police are treating the incident as suspicious. they executed a crime scene warrant on Wednesday.
jerky puppets that saved the world have been replaced by computer-generated images. son of co-creator says there is'something utterly magical' about seeing a puppet come to life.
Robert Mccombs told a court in Grand Rapids, Michigan on Wednesday that Steven Carl day admitted to him and his roommate Roger musick that he molested young girls.'my jaw just dropped that he would just admit it, blurt it out like that,' Mccombs testified. 'when I saw him in the choke-hold, his arms were down, his eyes were bulging. he wasn't moving,' Mccombs told the court. the roommates put day
more than 50,000 people have signed up to a scheme offering discount starter homes to those desperate to get on the housing ladder. the project, launched last month, is part of a dramatic extension of the help to buy scheme. it doubles the number of new starter homes in england from 100,000 to 200,000.
sculpture was commissioned by UKTV to mark screening of third series of Sherlock. it took eight people 250 man hours to complete and weighs 40kg. it has been given pride of place in the shopping centre's atrium.
university of Kentucky guard muttered 'f*** that n****' into a live microphone when another player was asked about badgers player Frank kaminsky. the comment came as a reporter asked Kentucky's Karl-anthony towns about defending the 7-foot kaminsky. he muttered it with his hand in front of his mouth, but the mic picked up the comment. 'when I realized how this could be perceived I immediately called big frank to apologize and
Tanya heath's shoes feature a button on the inside of the heel. when a new heel is slid into the shoe, it is locked into place. at the press of a button, the heel can be released and slid out.
fear of spiders is survival trait written into our DNA, say researchers. instinct to avoid arachnids developed as an evolutionary response to a threat. could mean arachnophobia represents a finely tuned survival instinct.
Lance Corporal Albert duffy had survived bomb blasts during a glittering military career. but he was attacked at a bus stop by drink and drug-crazed Keith Anderson. minutes earlier, he had punched another man, leaving him in a coma. court heard thug 'bounced around, triumphantly like a boxer' after the assaults.
body of 47-year-old found in bathroom at his gated, three-storey £2.6 million villa in the Hollywood hills on Tuesday afternoon. police say a woman called them to his home on tuesday, saying that the horror movie buff had suffered a heart attack. investigators say he had been having severe stomach problems and suffered significant bleeding in his rectal area.
Kyhesha-Lee was allegedly locked in a bedroom by her father, forcing her to defecate and urinate in the room. the three-year-old died in severe distress of internal injuries days before her death. her father Matthew Lee Williamson and his friend Christopher Arthur Neville Kent have both been charged with manslaughter and child cruelty. they have both been granted bail in the Brisbane Magistrates court on Wednesday.
documents allege Britain was spying on argentina between 2006 and 2011. include allegations it implanted computer viruses and circulated false propaganda to discredit the argentine government, it has been reported. revelations come in the wake of already heightened tensions with the discovery of oil in the Falklands by the British last week.
fire crews tackling a blaze at a chemical plant saw their water mix with a detergent creating a six foot wall of foam. it is believed that the water used by firefighters to dampen down the flames mixed with the detergent being stored in the burning buildings. now the environment agency have launched an investigation to assess if the foam has harmed any wildlife.
a representative for the comedienne said she has been estranged from her brother 'for years' and claimed she 'was not aware of his decision to apply to medical school under a different name and race' this comes as Chokal-Ingam, 38, admitted his sister has told him she is 'ashamed' of him for opening up about his alleged experience ahead of the release of his new book, Almost Black. he says he felt he had to change his appearance to get into the
pressure on education system intensified following a baby boom and continued migration. by September next year, two in five local authorities will have more children ready to start school than there are places.
Hannah and alex came back to new zealand from the uk in 2009 and couldn't afford to buy a full-sized lot. so they built a two-bedroom, wood and steel home on the back of a 1986 hino flatbed truck. the home is powered mostly by solar panels and water comes from a nearby spring.
a third of britons are now preoccupied with whitening their teeth. in america, sales of tooth whitening products have risen 300 per cent since 1996. the trend for excessive bleaching has grown so common there that dentists have coined a new word for it — ‘bleachorexia’.
pregnant woman was left clinging to hull of overturned trimaran in the english channel. her partner tied rope around himself, before diving under vessel to find flare. alarm was raised after a man spotted the couple a mile from Dungeness. HM customs cutter Valiant was able to locate vessel within minutes.
the freezer trawler with an international crew of 132 sank this morning. emergency services said 63 crew members were rescued. the ship was carrying 78 Russian nationals, as well as 54 foreign nationals.
provincial and national authorities will be in touch with unruly citizens when they return to china. police, customs officers, border control and even bank credit agencies will be contacted. they hope the strict measures will encourage Chinese tourists from doing anything inappropriate or illegal while abroad.
Chelsea bruck, 22, has been missing almost six months, police said. she was last seen at a halloween party dressed as the comic villain. police searched an area near a Ford plant in flat rock on Sunday night.
Jodie barden, 28, is mother to eight-year-old Ella and one-year-old chloe. both suffer from rare genetic disorder Cockayne syndrome. condition causes premature ageing, an underdeveloped nervous system and a small head. sufferers usually don't live to their teenage years and die from pneumonia. has made arrangements for both daughters' funerals with her husband, also 28.
labour launched a poster declaring 'the tories have made it harder to see a GP' but critics were quick to point out that his figures were out of date. a labour-supporting GP circulated a letter signed by 100 doctors. it claimed 'five years of flat-line funding' have 'crippled the NHS'
Jamaica, Colombia and saint lucia have the highest percentage of female bosses. the united states came in 15th place, with 42.7% of managers female. much of the middle east, as well as Pakistan, had the lowest percentage.
Andrew Mogni, 20, from. Glen Ellyn, Illinois, had only just arrived for a semester program in. italy when the incident happened in January. he was flown back to Chicago via air ambulance on march 20, but he died on Sunday. initial police reports indicated the fall was an accident but authorities are investigating the possibility that Mogni was robbed.
the most rev Justin welby said victims were 'witnesses, unwilling, unjustly, wickedly, and they are martyrs in both senses of the word' he added: 'to witness is to be a martyr. I am told by the coptic bishop in england that the Coptic Christians murdered in Libya last month died proclaiming that Jesus Christ is Lord'
a 10-year-old autistic boy was locked in a 2m by 2m structure. it was designed for him to use as a 'withdrawal space' while in class. the principal has been suspended and an investigation is underway. ACT education minister joy burch said it is a 'horrifying situation'
a survey of 19,000 people revealed the more a country paid to the unemployed or sick the more likely its residents were to want a job. in Norway, which pays the highest benefits in europe, almost 80% of people wanted a job. in Estonia, one of the least generous countries, only around 40% did.
denise and Glen higgs, from Braunton, had all but lost hope of conceiving. Glen was made infertile due to cancer treatment at the age of 20. doctors used his frozen sperm to create eight embryos through IVF. the couple had a daughter Mazy, born three years ago, but tried again. the same batch of embryos were used to create twins Carter and Carson.
Hayley Adams, 29, of barnstaple, was seen sneaking into 89-year-old's bedroom. she took cash from his coat, after a CCTV device was put in room by daughter. victim's daughter had earlier expressed concern that his money kept going missing. but she was shocked to discover culprit was mother of victim's great-grandchildren. while Adams admitted to taking £65, victim's relatives suspected amount stolen was thousands.
Hillary's campaign-in-waiting has reportedly signed a lease for two floors of office space in Brooklyn, new york. the aristocratic-sounding 1 Pierrepont plaza is among the most hipster-friendly of them all. the lease-signing has started a countdown clock.
new york is in the throes of a cultural revolution - but it's still brilliant. there's a throbbing contemporary arts scene largely based in Brooklyn and queens. but it's no resemblance to the version depicted in friends and gossip girl.
the student has sued under a pseudonym to protect his privacy. the university is demanding he identify himself publicly, despite arguments that doing so would expose not only him but the woman who says she was assaulted. the sexual misconduct allegations at George Mason stem from an encounter with the couple in the male student's dorm room on the fairfax campus.
Nicholas figueroa, 23, was on second date at sushi restaurant in east village. he was declared missing following the gas explosion and building collapse. his mother, ana, was among more than 200 mourners at his funeral. she wept as she watched casket being loaded into hearse outside church. his father, Nixon, told mourners: 'i'm here but i'm broken. my son is broken'
the motoring programme's website previously featured the broadcasting trio alongside racing driver the stig at the top of the page. the BBC say the masthead change is to'simply reflect the fact that all three presenters are currently out of contract on the show'
Michelle pfeiffer has teamed up with Katie couric to pitch a new television comedy about a morning news program. also involved in the project, in which Pfeiffer is attached to star, is Diane english, the creator of Murphy brown. the ladies are currently in talks with HBO, showtime, aMC, Netflix and amazon to pick up the program.
Rama the elephant died on monday at the age of 31. his leg was injured in 1990 when female elephants shoved him out of the herd and into a moat. zoo officials said his 2013 tuberculosis diagnosis did not play a role in his death.
John Howard, 66, had been a member of the overseas press and media association for 30 years. he began stealing funds two years ago, leaving the company facing bankruptcy. the father-of-three had sole access to the non-profit organisation's account. he dined alone on several £300 meals a month and also spent money on flowers.
sexting is 'not advised for politicians', says Ed miliband. 'risky if you are young, dodgy if you are older', says nick Clegg. education secretary Nicky Morgan answers: 'a bit too risky'
researchers claim that older buildings where hauntings are usually reported, often have poor air quality from pollutants like toxic mould. exposure to the mould can cause mood swings, irrational anger and cognitive impairment, among other problems.
Kristi Gordon, of global bc's news channel, received a scathing message about her appearance on an episode of the online-only segment news hour plus. she was criticized for wearing form-fitting clothing because 'looser tops would look much more professional' the mother-of-two is due to give birth in three months.
psychologist darryl dewar has surrendered his registration after a woman claimed he told her she had 'nice t**s' during a consultation. the woman, who was having suicidal thoughts at the time, also claimed he called her 'a horny little thing' and asked her if her mother was a 'f---ing bitch' the psychologist initially denied any of the events took place during his consultation, telling investigators that he had 'brain confusion' he
the four-door sedan careened off the road and dropped 100ft from a cliff in a remote high desert area west of strawberry, arizona. it took emergency services around five hours to extricate the 16-year-old driver, who has not been identified. she was trapped under the car for more than four hours and miraculously only suffered minor injuries. the two other passengers, aged 16 and 17, who have also not been identified, were removed from the wreckage an hour after the accident.
new campaign from lingerie brand recreates notorious VS advert. final ten contenders feature in powerful new image. winner gets year-long modelling contract and £1,000 spending money.
Dimitri harrell reportedly pulled out gun and fired at 19-year-old miss white. he then shot her in the face at close range, according to police in minneapolis. when medics arrived at scene, they pronounced young mother dead. now, 21-year-old has been charged with second-degree murder at court. if convicted, he faces up to 40 years in prison if convicted of crime.
children posted police picture of eighth grade teacher on social media. teacher Tiffany jackson was arrested for driving while licence was suspended. officials at school suspended three students for three days. but they later overturned the decision following a backlash.
american YouTube user KentuckyFriedIdiot filmed himself teaching his newborn daughter how to suck a plastic water bottle.
Tiffany Sical, 21, and boyfriend, Bryan Rodriguez-solis, 23, were driving home on route 6 in Providence, rhode island, on sunday morning. but they were killed when 24-year-old Joel Norman allegedly sped up ramp while under the influence and collided head-on with their car. now, Norman, of massachusetts, has been arrested and charged with two counts of driving under the influence - death resulting, and driving to endanger - death
proprietors Suzanne Dixon-Hudson and her architect husband were in the capital, pre-winter season, 'on business'. their 15 staff spend a mandatory week working and gaining experience at the mayfair hotel before the start of each new season.
no serious injuries were reported in the crashes on u.s. highway 36 between Boulder and Denver, but tow-truck drivers were kept busy hauling away damaged cars. in Aurora, near Denver, one person died after being thrown from an Oldsmobile bravada that lost control and rolled on an icy stretch of i-225. in the mountains, Interstate 70 was temporarily closed after several trucks spun out on snowy Vail pass.
the former new england patriots player has pleaded not guilty to killing Odin Lloyd, who was shot six times in the chest and back on June 17, 2013. prosecutors spent two months and more than 100 pieces of evidence to accuse the tight end of killing Lloyd. defending his not guilty plea, Hernandez's lawyers called five witnesses to testify on Monday before resting at 3pm. following tomorrow's closing statements, the jury will deliberate on their verdict.
Edmund Echukwu, 35, died at a sex party at a £3million mansion in hertfordshire. he was pulled from the water at a james bond-themed sex party. neighbours have paid tribute to the father-of-three today. a post mortem examination is due to be held today.
the party will launch a billboard advert using the image from the 1979 poster. the poster features the same long line of people used to illustrate dole queues under Jim callaghan’s ailing government. but instead it will warn: ‘the doctor can’t see you now’.
Germanwings flight 4U814 to Venice diverted to Stuttgart after oil leak detected. budget carrier said passenger and flight attendant suffered 'an acute feeling of sickness' yesterday, another germanwings plane was forced to make an unscheduled landing in Venice after a passenger and a flight attendant fell ill.
Illume arclighter creates a ‘super high-intensity’ electrical arc between two ceramic electrodes. it doesn’t need to be refilled with fuel but is instead powered by a rechargeable lithium-ion battery. inventors are raising money to put the lighter into production on Kickstarter and have almost doubled their goal.
three proton beam therapy centres are set to open in the uk by 2017. centres in Cardiff, London and northumberland will offer the treatment. comes after cancer-stricken five-year-old was given the 'all-clear'. his parents took him out of hospital without doctors' consent last year. they fled to spain in a bid to get him to a centre in the Czech republic.
casey Levi filmed the moment he tried to get his son eat a California roll with a $10 prize up for grabs. he stipulated that there must be no 'gagging or making any faces'. footage shows the youngster stepping up to the challenge but backing down after a minute's hesitation and running off 'to be sick'.
showbags cost anywhere from $10 to $30 and are among the mounting prices parents are paying for their annual trip to the Easter show. the official website of the Sydney Royal Easter show lists the retail value of show bag contents. at least one of the bags cost more than it would to buy the items outright.
AmberMarie Irving-Elkins was in the Stanley Mosk courthouse in los angeles to pay a fine on thursday when she felt a few contractions. she thought she had enough time to run a few last errands before the arrival of her baby boy. but there was no way she'd make it to hospital in time. Deputy marquette oliver ran over and caught the baby boy as he was born.
Obama said he is convinced talks are the best way forward. said he expects a 'robust debate' on the deal in the u.s.
the 33-year-old from bristol won the seventh series of big brother in 2006. despite being given £100,000 of prize money, he is now homeless. says fame kicked off a range of problems that led to a dependency on ketamine.
Raymond howell, Jr.'s body was found near a culvert in McKinney, texas on thursday morning - four miles from where he attended school. friends said he was a happy and friendly teenager, but had recently asked for a transfer after being bullied by older students. but police confirmed on thursday that it was suicide.
prime minister was pictured eating a hotdog with a knife and fork. bizarre dining etiquette was part of a campaign visit to poole, Dorset. seems likely he was trying to avoid the fate of labour leader Ed miliband.
more than half of those newly diagnosed with HIV in britain were born overseas. instantly the ukip leader was accused of 'dangerous scaremongering' latest official figures show more than half of those with HIV in uk born overseas.
Steven mathieson, 38, stabbed prostitute Luciana Maurer dozens of times. father-of-two then called two vice girls over to his home and raped them. his young son was asleep in the bedroom next door while he carried out crimes. he pleaded guilty to murder and rape at the high court in Glasgow today.
Phil blackwood was sentenced to two-and-a-half years with hard labour. bar manager posted mocked-up image of Buddha wearing DJ headphones. tongue-in-cheek advert for a cheap-drinks night provoked outrage. human rights campaigners claim he has been 'abandoned' by the foreign office.
landon and his twin sister lorie were initially thought to have died when the first flight of Operation babylift crashed minutes after take-off. wreckage and bodies strewn over miles of countryside, the terrified 17-month-old twins were found huddled together in a rice paddy a day after the disaster. now 41, landon has visited the crash scene and is thought to be the first child survivor to return to the countryside on the outskirts of ho Chi minh city
Susan house, 55, was out walking her dogs when the blast ripped through her home in theddlethorpe, lincolnshire. emergency services believe it was caused by a gas leak because the detached property is supplied by a propane tank. the blast ripped the back wall and windows out and caused substantial damage to the roof. but some of the content of the rooms remained intact, with books lined up neatly on shelves in the downstairs office.
the bus and train were used to film one of the most memorable scenes of the past 25 years in the great smokey mountains in north carolina. fans of 1993 film the fugitive will recognize them as those used by Harrison Ford's character when he escaped from a prison transport. the scene, which was filmed using a real train hitting a real bus, cost an eye-watering $1.5million to shoot. the remains of the vehicles have since become a popular tourist attraction in the area and
two residents from the Osborne apartments on west 57th street in Manhattan told the new york post of their experiences with spirits in the building. Chastain and her boyfriend, Gian Luca passi de preposulo, spent $5.1 million on an apartment that features four bedrooms and 3.5 bathrooms. the apartment is located close to Carnegie hall and is a few blocks away from Columbus circle, central park and Lincoln center.
Greg gibbins and his friends were at the beachcomber hotel in toukley on the central coast, NSW on sunday night before heading to a late-night pizza shop. shortly after midnight, emergency services found Mr Gibbins with serious stab wounds at about 12.10am from an alleged random attack. the 28-year-old went into cardiac arrest but later died at gosford hospital. his 25-year-old friend remains in a serious condition in hospital and is expected to undergo surgery.
undergraduate student has admitted to hanging a noose in a tree on campus. the noose was found early Wednesday in a plaza area at the heart of the campus. the university will not release the student's name, citing federal education laws protecting student privacy.
the software extracts the relevant colour information from images or artworks found online. the graph shows a clear trend toward more blue paintings toward the end of the 20th century.
woman shot dead as she tried to attack police hq in central aksaray. picture of red-haired woman lying on ground with rifle strapped to her body. tv footage showed police sealing off street in central Aksaray neighbourhood. attack comes a day after a deadly hostage situation in the city. prosecutor mehmet selim kiraz, 46, died in hospital yesterday. members of the revolutionary people's liberation party-front stormed courthouse
court papers filed by two students who were expelled from the university at Albany after Trevor duffy, 19, of the Bronx died in November. his death came after a night of heavy drinking during a party held by Zeta beta tau members at an off-campus home. court papers include details of other frat hazing rituals that included pledges being told to fight one another and eat the insides of cigars.
apprentice hairdresser leila alavi had taken out an apprehended domestic violence order against her ex-husband. but she reportedly agreed to meet him on the day she was found dead inside her vehicle in an underground car park at Auburn shopping village. her sister, mitra, has revealed her little sister had moved into her apartment in a desperate move after being refused from several women's shelters. 'leila goes to a women's place with me but every day they say we don'
goat was headbutting a door in wealthy suburb of paramus, new jersey. animal was captured in the middle of a roadway by three policemen. a plastic bag was used to avoid contact with the livestock, police said.
twitter's new iPhone app allows users to broadcast live video and audio to the internet. there are already a number of users reporting that they have been sexually harassed, or trolled, while using the technology.
Kinessa Johnson from Yelm, Washington, works for the veterans empowered to protect African wildlife (VEPAw), training park rangers to catch and detain the wildlife killers. she joined the group last November after a four-year stint in the services as a weapons instructor and mechanic. photos on her Instagram and facebook of her holding a rifle have been met with criticism online. however she refutes claims she is a 'poacher hunter'
scientists hope that immunisation is possible with just one injection. the vaccine, developed in canada, is based on an animal virus. it is combined with a portion of the protein covering of the Ebola virus. when administered, it induces an immune response against the virus.
anjelica 'AJ' hadsell, 18, was last seen on march 2 driving near her parents' home in Norfolk, roughly 40 miles from the pond searched friday. divers are searching the outer edges of the pond for the phone, which sent strange text messages to her mother shortly after her disappearance. the stepfather of the teenager, 36, was taken into police custody late last month amid claims that he knows who has taken his daughter.
bomb expert David Hyche came up with the idea nine years ago when his four-month-old daughter turned blind. a transmitter is placed inside plastic eggs that let off a high-pitched beeping sound. blind children filled baskets with the eggs, before trading them in for candy.
lib dem leader says idea of more than two parties forming a government is not 'going to work' he said it would be a'messy' way to run the country, and risked instability. told voters to expect a hung parliament, with no one party able to secure an overall majority of MPs in the commons.
the queen will lead the nation at a religious service commemorating the 70th anniversary of VE day. a chain of beacons will be lit across the country, a star-studded concert will be held in London from may 8 to 10. in 1995, the queen, the queen mother and princess Margaret appeared on the balcony of buckingham palace.
the rapper, whose real name is. Robert van winkle, appeared in palm beach county court on. thursday and agreed to a plea deal. he agreed to perform 100 hours of community service and pay $1,333 to the. estate of a neighbor for allegedly stealing from the $1million home in lantana, florida. the grand theft charge was a third-degree felony which. carried a maximum penalty of five years in prison and a $5,000
'some good' has come out of year-long search for missing MH370. 'knowledge can come from unexpected sources', says western premier. this comes as the wife of an australian passenger on MH370 spoke of heartache. revealed she is yet to tell her children why their father hasn't come home. search parties have not been successful in recovering MH370.
part-time actor was going through customs to board his easyjet flight. airport staff discovered he had six £1.80 tubs of pease pudding. the 58-year-old was also carrying several Greggs pies.
a drug-resistant mutant super-strain of a nasty stomach bug has made its way into the u.s. and is spreading. cases of shigellosis, otherwise known as 'delhi belly' or'montezuma's revenge' were traced to people who had recently traveled to the Dominican republic, india or other countries. the superbug sickened at least 243 people, in 32 states and Puerto Rico.
the echidna was filmed paddling out to sea off the mornington peninsula. the video was posted online by YouTube user Emma B. echidnas, like many native australian animals, are 'proficient' swimmers.
more than 300 fishermen emerged from nearby trawlers, villages and even the jungle to make the trip. they were finally being rescued by the Indonesian Fisheries Ministry after officials issued a moratorium on fishing to crack down on poaching.
the 13 letters were estimated to bring in anywhere from $300,000 to $600,000, but failed to find a buyer at a sotheby's auction on Wednesday. the current owner of the signage is Yankee Hall of Famer reggie jackson, who purchased the letters for an undisclosed amount after the stadium saw its final game in 2008. the letters were installed in 1976, the year before jackson joined the team.
refugees and those applying for asylum do not have to reveal criminal history. everyone else who applies for cab licence must undergo criminal records checks. but asylum seekers and refugees are exempt from this, according to a document. campaigners have called for a change in guidelines, calling for thorough checks.
Colin turnbull, 69, caught in 'compromised position' with Rozina Khanim. facilities manager walked in on pair while they were engaged in sex act. they were engaged in sex act during entrance exam day at the school. school confirmed senior staff had told him to 'never return' to school.
prime minister's wife swooped into seat held by defector mark reckless. visited a special school in the constituency, which is'very close to her heart'. joined tory candidate Kelly tolhurst for a visit to Abbey court school in rainham.
environmentalist group has rescued 35 crew members from a sinking ship. the toothfish poaching vessel thunder issued a distressing signal. the ship was trailed for more than 100 days before it started submerging.
producer known as 'naughty boy' has been working on the singer's solo music. posted a clip of what was thought to be the 22-year-old's first single. but the clip has since been taken down and has been removed. enraged fans and one of Zayn's former bandmate Louis Tomlinson.
asked what seven times six equals, labour’s shadow chancellor looked down at his feet and laughed nervously before eventually answering correctly following a ten second pause. he said: ‘the answer... the answer is 42’.
the £150 Scandfit try size was developed to help women about to go under the knife decide what size implants to have. the inserts are measured in cubic centimetres, like surgical implants. the lightest, size one, weighs in at 50cc, followed by size two at 100cc, size three at 200cc and size four at 300cc.
as short waves collide near the surface they create weak microseismic waves, which combine with long waves on the ocean's floor to create the constant hum. seismologists first suggested ocean waves may cause this hum in 2004.
number of Muslims will increase at more than double rate of world's population. by 2100 around one per cent more of the world’s population will be Muslim than Christian, with largest proportion of followers in india. by 2050 Muslims will make up around ten per cent of european population. number of atheists, agnostics and those who are religiously unaffiliated will decline from 16 per cent of world's population to 13 per cent.
Yahya Rashid, 19, is due to appear at Westminster Magistrates' court today. he was arrested as he entered the uk having landed on a flight from Istanbul.
teenager went missing from her home in st george, bristol, in february. her dismembered body parts were found 11 days later in barton hill. an inquest into her death has been opened and adjourned. criminal proceedings involving her step-brother are taking place.
richland, washington florist Barronelle. stutzman, 70, was fined $1,000 in march for refusing to serve same-sex couple. Robert ingersoll and curt freed's 2013 wedding was canceled after stutzman cited her'relationship with. Jesus Christ' when declining to do the flowers. the couple got married in their home with 11 guests and flowers from another florist.
Vaughan Williams's work topped the poll after listeners cast more than 200,000 votes. it topped the poll last year as well and four years ago was named the nation's favourite desert island discs tune. the full poll - 300 pieces of music in total - also includes 12 pieces of music used to soundtrack video games.
mother-of-two won make-or-break style director role at retailer in 2012. she ran Debenhams, jaeger and aquascutum before becoming style director. her brown suede skirt is being branded the item that could save the business. sales have also been boosted by celebrity underwear ranges.
terminally ill fundraiser stole from charity for terminally ill children. Simon Mitchell, 44, stole a laptop, sat nav and phone from the charity. pleaded guilty to two counts of theft at Preston crown court. he was due to stand trial after a three year criminal investigation.
Becky Schoenig of St. louis, Missouri was shocked when her brand new 2015 Ford Fusion was stolen from her driveway on monday night. the car had been stolen just a little over a month ago. on april 1, police found the car and returned it to Schoenig with new rims, red detailing, and orange accents.
Bryan Santana, 20, was found guilty of murdering his roommate, 23-year-old Shelby Fazio, in october last year. he choked her in a headlock, stabbed her with a hunting knife, mutilated her dog and wrote messages in blood on the wall. he then had sex with her corpse. the florida court heard how he was living out some kind of sick fantasy when he removed all the lightbulbs of
Steven howie, 28, left his girlfriend with 18 separate injuries after assault. he punched, kicked and kneed her during a prolonged assault on new year's eve. because the inn was so isolated miss Murray was unable to call police. officers only arrived after guests in another room dialled 999.
shaquille omar hallisey hit stranger over the head with a bottle in Cardiff. the 20-year-old's victim was left with a fractured skull after the attack. hallisey was jailed for four years for wounding with intent to cause gbh.
Janet Muller was found dead in the boot of a burning car on march 13. the 21-year-old was last seen in a subway in portslade, east sussex. police have released video stills and footage of her movements. her family have paid tribute to the bright student in a heartfelt tribute.
Kevin Franklin married his new wife in the italian Alps while victim was forced to borrow money from his children because he could not afford any milk. the 58-year-old siphoned off the £400,001 fortune over an eight-year period. when he was finally arrested he told police: 'i played him'
in may 2014, Benito Gonzalez Jr., 46, was suspended from duty after being arrested for allegedly exposing his genitals and touching himself inappropriately while seated at a table in a cherry hill Starbucks. a surveillance photo posted to the cherry hill police facebook page led to the 17-year camden police veteran's arrest. while county officials are working to fire the lieutenant's, Gonzalez claims the incident -- which he says he does not remember -- is the culmination of a
successful applicant will have to travel to various royal residences. they must also order in 'freshest seasonal ingredients' from the queen's private Scottish retreat's kitchen garden and game from the royal estates.
Pope Francis urged the international community not to 'look the other way' as Christians across the world face violence and attacks because of their faith. the pontiff, aged 78, has been increasingly vocal about the fate of Christians being targeted by Islamic extremists in parts of the middle east, africa and Asia. the latest address follows his speech on Easter Sunday, where he said he was praying for victims of armed conflict.
eight-strong team painted 30 phone booths in five hours overnight. 'beijing warmth' project aims to raise a smile with stressed-out Beijing residents. artist xiao Wang said living and working in Beijing is'very stressful'
the wraps came off the prototype of the new 10th generation car. it came just a day after it was announced that Swindon will become the global production hub for the next generation five door civic.
identical twins share virtually identical DNA, meaning they are more closely related to each other than anyone else. some twins are'mirror image' twins, meaning in one twin the hair might swirl clockwise, in the other twin it will swirl anticlockwise. but many identical twins are truly identical in ways we are still uncovering.
undercover reporter met David light, account director at the data partnership. his company has a 60-seater call centre in the Philippines and calls hundreds of thousands in Britain every month. he explained that their tactics include starting with warm questions before going more financial.
helaman barlow was chief of bordering towns of Colorado city, arizona, and Hildale, utah. said he acted on the orders of the church's leader, Warren Jeffs. said he lived in fear his family would be taken away from him if he didn't. other accounts say that some of its former adherents are turning their backs on the church and changing the towns by setting up public schools and auctioning off property.
flight from dublin to vienna had to return to the airport after technical issues. airline confirmed that the landing was not an emergency. second incident of the day at the airport after two planes collided.
bathing box on dendy street beach in Melbourne has sold for a staggering $276,000. the sale is a record amount for the bathing boxes since they were first constructed in 1862. the winning bidder paid $150,000 over the original asking price. in Sydney, a 100-year-old mechanic’s garage has sold for $1.2 million so it can be converted into a home.
theodosia aresti, 71, moved into a new-build flat in west london five years ago. but a blocked pipe unleashed a 'tsunami of sewage' into her flat. her bath filled up with 'brown lumps' and her toilet began overflowing.
the Easter Feast breakfast is available at the black milk cereal cafe in manchester's northern quarter. it includes two types of cereal served in half an Easter egg, with brownies, marshmallows and mini eggs. the meal is so sweet it contains the equivalent of 388g of sugar or 97 teaspoons.
Hayleigh mcbay, 17, pretended to dump her boyfriend via WhatsApp. but the girl from Elgin in moray, scotland, was given a taste of her own medicine. she texted her partner with the words: 'i don't want to be with you any more' but David replied: 'thank god you said it first so I didn't have to'
footage shows the driver of a black SUV coming off at the 397 exit and veering over to the wrong side of the lane. she then steers head-on into a truck which rolls over on its side with debris flying everywhere. as the back end of the 18-wheeler swings out, it pushes a red pickup truck off course.
nearly 3,400 miles were covered with 99 percent of the drive in fully automated mode. the nine-day trip crossed 15 states and the district of Columbia. Delphi is using the long journey in the Audi crossover to acquire real-world data from a sophisticated array of cameras, radar and lidar.
Bloomberg, 73, is 'considering' running for the job in the city in 2016. he was elected to the top job in the big apple three times in a row. he has significant business interests in the city and owns a $30m mansion. sources say he has the backing of senior officials in the conservative party. if he does become mayor, it would be the latest twist in a long career.
the dessert contains 12 scoops of thick ice-cream, four chocolate flakes and a giant portion of whipped cream. only two people have managed to finish the dessert at the cafe in north end, Portsmouth.
disabled cat, called freeman, was mauled to death by two savage dogs. the 90-second attack was captured on CCTV by a neighbour in west sussex. police are now investigating after a woman appears to call over the hounds.
Kathleen Blomberg, a resident at the heavily damaged 125 second ave., has been reunited with her two cats, Kitty cordelia and Sebastian. the american society for the prevention of cruelty to animals found the traumatized animals under Blomberg's bed and said it took about an hour to coax them out. after 21 years in the same apartment she is currently looking for new accommodation for her and the cats.
Cheryl was diagnosed with polycystic ovary syndrome (PCOS) at 12. suffers from excessive hair growth on her face, breasts, stomach and legs. spent £2,000 a year on razors and shaved up to three times a day. finally got approved for NHS funding for laser hair removal treatment. has had initial appointments and is booked in for September this year.
police say Edward nudel, 41, of staten island broke into his relative's home on march 11 and strangled a 2-year-old pomeranian named lola 'in an especially depraved and sadistic manner' after strangling the dog, he called the relative and said 'i killed lola' 'Am I getting arrested for a f***ing dog?' Nudel reportedly said when officers woke him to take him into custody.
fugitive armed robber Michael wheatley walked out of an open jail in may. he was on day release despite a history of prison escapes. Wheatley absconded from standford hill prison in kent while on day release. after being caught he was told he must serve at least eight years in jail. after being caught he pulled a handgun on staff at a building society. justice secretary said the Government was 'tearing up the system'
a 'human molecule' might contain 375 million atoms of hydrogen, 132 million atoms of oxygen and 85 million atoms of carbon. by comparison, this human molecule contains just one atom of cobalt and three molecules of the metal molybdenum.
Remington 'Remi' Walden, four, was killed when his family's 1999 Jeep grand Cherokee exploded when it was rear-ended by a pickup truck in march 2012. the fuel tank leaked, engulfing the Jeep in flames and killing the four-year-old. jury ruled that the family should get $30 million for Remi's pain and suffering and $120 million for the full value of his life.
150 art fans took part in a nude tour of the national gallery of australia's current exhibition, 'james turrell: a retrospective' the tour, which ran for an hour after the gallery was closed for the evening, was led by artist Stuart ringholt. 'you realise how complex and socially fabricated we are, connected through clothes,' said one man who attended.
Jason cotterill, 42, plagued his victim with abusive messages over the internet. he also emailed her a link to an online sex video she was in - and threatened to post it on to her facebook page. court heard he knew his victim from childhood and knew she had been previously involved in making sex tapes. they met up for three dates between January and September 2013 but had sex on just one occasion. soon afterwards she began receiving 'creepy'
police were forced to separate supporters and opposing protesters by forming a wall at separate rallies. crowd numbers continued to grow throughout the afternoon, and some protesters had to be treated by paramedics. it comes after a twitter account claiming to be linked with anti-islam groups has mocked protests being held around australia.
home secretary said police will have to record Islamophobic attacks as separate category, just as anti-Semitic crimes are recorded separately. at present some forces, including the metropolitan police, do record Islamophobic crimes as such. others categorise them as hate crimes or specific offences.
Melbourne singer Daniel Buccheri composed a song to use as his best man's speech. he toasted his brother Adrian and his new wife at their march 29 wedding in using his voice. the unique speech has been viewed over 100,000 times online.
australian homeowners are making room in their backyards to allow budget travellers to pitch a tent and stay for a few nights. this is the latest cost-saving travel trend, with each night costing an average of $30. one Sydney host, Steve york, has been using the website to connect with potential guests and has already had four successful bookings.
celebrity reporter Kenneth lombardi, who goes by 'ken', was a red carpet regular for CBS new york. however he says he was forced to quit his job in November and relocate to los angeles after two alleged sexual harassment involving two separate bosses. he claims one drunkenly groped and kissed him at a work Christmas party and the other aggressively came onto him during an after-hours meeting.
Catherine Nevin, 62, was jailed for life in 2000 for arranging to have her publican husband tom shot dead. she was allowed out on day release on wednesday afternoon to attend an addiction studies course. the course is part of her pre-release plan to help her integrate back into society once freed.
Nicola sturgeon clearly revelled in being centre-stage on tv debate. instant poll by youGov found that 28 per cent thought she was the best performer. sturgeon has most experience of governing of any of the seven politicians.
Neymar scored twice as barcelona beat psg 2-0 in the champions league. the brazilian was on hand to embarrass fellow countryman David luiz. former chelsea defender endured a horrendous evening in spain.
the southern poverty law center in February filed a lawsuit against Georgia Department of corrections officials on behalf of transgender inmate Ashley diamond. the lawsuit says prison officials have failed to provide adequate treatment for diamond's gender dysphoria. gender dysphoria is a condition that causes a person to experience extreme distress because of a disconnect between the birth sex and gender identity.
Olsi beheluli claimed he appeared on channel 4 dating show. the 24-year-old was a member of a gang responsible for selling drugs. officers seized more than £4million worth of heroin and cocaine in raid.
teachers set to call for 'play in the curriculum' for children up to seven. say this is more suitable than educating them in a formal way. want schools to follow the lead of countries like Finland which has 15 minute play time immediately after lessons.
the collection was created by legendary make-up effects artist Rick baker. it will be auctioned off at the Hilton universal city in los angeles and on propstore.com this may 29. the 417 original items are from more than 50 productions.
fans took to twitter to coo adoringly about his sexy grey tie and looks. one tweet read: 'Miliband is totally talking to me and no one else, you sexy beast. keep staring down the camera Ed! #leadersdebate' another fan complained: 'why has no one asked about his sexy rogue-from-x-men grey streak?'
Jayden wingsler of phoenix, arizona, was interviewed by Fox news earlier this week about a theme park accident which left him with severe burns on his legs. while on camera, the youngster eloquently recalled what happened with arm actions and wide-eyed facial expressions to match his emotions. 'i said, "what? is that the fire?!"' the adorable tot said while waving his hands in the air.
Wade Robson, once the singer's staunchest defender, now claims the singer was a predator who repeatedly sexually abused him as a child. los angeles superior court judge Mitchell Beckloff has scheduled a hearing for Robson and another of Jackson's alleged child victims, james safechuck, on Tuesday. if judge gives Robson, 32, and safechuck, 36, a green light to proceed with their civil claim, new child molestation allegations will likely be revealed in
Carla zampatti presented a celebratory SS15-16 collection at Sydney's opera house today to mark the brand's 50 years in fashion. the collection features bold Indian Pinks, buttercup yellows and electric blues against a backdrop of black and white tailored pieces. stars including delta goodrem, Shanina Shaik, Kerri-Anne Kennerley, and Terry biviano attended the show.
attorneys for the 19-year-old accused of sexually assaulting several girls at his former high school say there is a 'treasure trove' of evidence proving the girls lied about the abuse. the prosecution handed over 98,000 pages of social media records from several of the alleged victims, but the defense said he needs the communications of at least 8 other people to determine how far the plot spreads. 'Tyler needs to be taught a lesson,' ran one interaction.
one of australia's most loved cooks, lyndey Milan, has teamed up with aldi. the home cook icon trawled the supermarket aisles to find healthy, fresh produce to turn into an Easter feast. the results include Greek lamb with salad and zucchini pilaf. for dessert, she says her hot cross bun and Easter egg bread & butter pudding with almond praline is guaranteed to be a crowd-pleaser.
jamal al-labani was visiting his pregnant wife and the couple's 2-and-a-half-year-old daughter when he was killed in a mortar attack on tuesday. he was trying to get his family out of the war-torn country and take them to Oakland - but he couldn't because the us has withdrawn its diplomatic staff and the country has shut down most airports. al-labani's family said he was struck by mortar shrapn
Savannah Guthrie and Carson daly swapped gender roles for a live lip sync battle against their co-hosts on Thursday morning's show. Savannah wore a leather motorcycle jacket while her partner sported a blonde wig and a pink bomber jacket to play Danny from grease.
Gaby tillero and Greg. ensslen bought the two-story 1840s creole home from the. central city neighborhood after a church said they wanted to demolish it. the couple moved it to the Freret neighborhood where they then spent seven months renovating. tillero and her husband now live in the home with their two sons, six-year-old Santiago and nine-year-old javier.
14million working households will be given an average boost of £200 a year. prime minister will make bold argument for continued lower taxes. he will add that it is ‘wrong – frankly immoral – for government to spend money like it grows on trees’. the Isa limit will increase to £15,240 and the 10p savings tax band abolished. the abolition of the old pensions annuities, allowing retirement money to be accessed like a current account.
viewers unleashed a barrage of negative comments on twitter after last night's episode of the series on bbc one. the programme focused on the methods employed by the creative team behind the fast food giant's rebranding exercise. it showed scenes of a food stylist using hairdryers and tweezers when preparing the food for an advertisement.
the strange formation was photographed by amateur astronomer Gordon Ewen. it is a sun spot and occurs when a concentration of magnetic fields causes the surface temperature to reduce. the number of spots on the solar surface reflects with how active the sun is.
Ile lout is set 1148 ft from the shore in the midst of the Morlaix bay in Brittany, france. groups of up to 10 guests can enjoy stunning ocean views on the plot for the price of €200 (£145/$215) for two nights. the neglected property was renovated in 2004 for the use of a holiday home.
faris al-khori, 62, had dozens of chemicals, poisonous materials and bolts. he also had handwritten notes on how to make a bomb, a court heard. the equipment was found purely by chance after a fire at a block of flats. al-khori said the materials were used for cleaning and as fertiliser. he was sentenced to three years and four months in prison.
Iain Watters is back with a modern take on traditional fruity cake. baker dyes the sponge green to celebrate the 12 apostles. uses pistachio marzipan and decorates with orange zest and rose petals.
argentine officials claim companies are acting 'illegally' in argentine territory. it comes after Britain struck oil in the islands this week. the find could be worth billions of pounds and increase fears of conflict.
Lord & Taylor partnered with 50 of the most influential fashion bloggers. got each to post a photo of them wearing the same dress. the $88 paisley asymmetrical dress sold out almost immediately.
eight animals are dead, including at least one alligator that once belonged to michael jackson, after a fire last week destroyed two enclosures at a zoological park in Oklahoma. authorities suspect an arsonist is to blame for the fire that left seven alligators and a crocodile 'boiled to death' the fire was set in the early morning hours that march day and founder of the zoo, Joe Schreibvogel, said not only did
the university's 86 recognized fraternities and sororities will be allowed to hold spring formals and other events where third-party vendors serve alcohol. last month, a fraternity was shut down because of an underage drinking incident in which a member of Sigma Phi Epsilon was taken to a hospital after drinking heavily at the fraternity house. in September, a 19-year-old student, caitlyn Kovacs, died of alcohol poisoning after attending a fra
a new survey by Ripley's believe it or not! has revealed who we would most like to have as our family. David Beckham was voted to be the number one celebrity figure. second choice mum and dad turned out to be Sharon and ozzy Osborne.
towers will range from 115ft to 164ft and monitor 124mile long border. comes amid heightened tensions between the two countries over conflict in Ukraine. last month, Moscow announced plans to place state-of-the-art Iskander missiles.
medics are concerned about the sedentary lifestyle of the 78-year-old. his weight is thought to be aggravating his sciatica.
prosecutors also indicted political activist Kim ki-jong, 55, on charges of assaulting a foreign envoy and obstruction. lippert, 42, required 80 stitches to close up the wounds on his hand, arm and face that he sustained during the attack on march 5.
Latoya tilson, 33, 'fired into crowd in college park, georgia, on saturday' one bullet struck a 17-year-old boy in the buttocks, police said. another hit her 15-year-old son, Pierre, in the head, it is alleged. Pierre was rushed to hospital with a gunshot wound to the head. he remained in intensive care for two days, but he died on monday.
Vietnamese labourer had metal plate inserted over his skull after being struck by an iron bar on a building site. but the botched operation caused his head to become swollen with a potentially deadly infection. when he asked family to look at the wound they noticed a dozen maggots crawling under the skin.
the four million square foot motiongate theme park is set to open in 2016. it will include 27 different latest-in-technology rides and attractions. the last movie in the Hunger games franchise is set to be released in the us in November this year.
Andy Murray watched Barcelona defeat their rivals with best man Ross hutchins. it was the second time in less than a week that he had visited the nou camp. the 27-year-old is currently training on clay courts with Jonas bjorkman.
passenger hugh Roche Kelly was flying from Berlin to paris yesterday. he posted on twitter how pilot dispelled 'tense vibe' by speech. co-pilot Andreas Lubitz deliberately flew plane into french Alps last week. data from second black box recorder confirms crash killed 150 people.
Molly wood, 74, died after being run over by her sister's car in car park. burgundy Kia Venga had its engine running and 'lurched forward' pensioner's sister, 70, who was about to buy a pay and display ticket, was also injured. emergency services were called but she died at the scene in Pontefract.
reality tv star has launched a line of surf-inspired city wear called jam industries. avid surfer stars in campaign shot on west Wittering beach, near london. also co-owns a surf school in Devon and has a career as a singer.
thiago alcantara opened the scoring for the home side on 14 minutes. jerome boateng doubled the lead on 27 minutes with a header. a hat-trick from Robert lewandowski made it 5-0 at half-time.
Louis Jordan, 37, was rescued 200 miles off the north carolina coast. he said he survived by eating fish he caught by trailing dirty clothes in ocean. doubters say he appeared well-fed, with pale, unblemished skin after ordeal.
Gary Kroeger said he will run in the 2016 democratic primary for Iowa's 1st district. the 57-year-old Iowa native says he wants to focus on progressive policies, such as investing in education and protecting the environment. 'i'm a lion of liberalism. I truly embrace these policies of civil rights, economic equity, economic prosperity and upward mobility,' he said.
the sokaze-ki Q uses fluid dynamics to take air in at the rear of the device. it is then moved using so-called impellers through specially designed channels. this airflow pulls in additional air from air inlets plotted around the Q. air is released through the main outlet, which is powered by a DC motor. device is on sale in japan for 39,350 (£220) and is available in crystal red, champagne gold and pearl white.
department of public safety trooper Billy spears posed for photo with rapper. he was told he has 'deficiencies indicating need for counseling'. snoop requested the photo at south by southwest after his keynote speech.
Jamie carragher believes the Chelsea captain is the best defender to have ever graced the premier league. the 34-year-old believes he has been almost as influential as Eden Hazard in this season's blues team. carragher said: 'i think he has been the best that we’ve seen'
al-Qaeda militants stormed a provincial prison in southeast Yemen and freed more than 300 inmates, security officials said. two guards and five inmates were killed in clashes, a senior security official said. the advance by Iran-backed rebels into. aden, the last bastion of hadi supporters came despite a week of. Saudi-led air strikes.
Rachel jaajaa, 22, and 29-year-old Aaron Tate's daughter was found on friday night at a McDonald's in Elyria, ohio. a patron called 911 after seeing the baby was left alone. police say jaajaa refused to take the baby because it was the father's 'turn to have the baby' and she had plans.
Stuart, 33, claimed to have picked up chlamydia from a car exhaust. ex-girlfriend Sophie was outraged to discover she also had the STD. 'he said he caught chlamydia from the car – from the exhaust pipe of the car'
Jamie Silvonek, 14, charged as an adult with homicide and criminal conspiracy. her mother, 54-year-old Cheryl Silvonek, was stabbed to death in the driveway of her upper macungie Township home early march 15. her boyfriend, 20-year-old army spc. Caleb Barnes, was on leave from fort meade, Maryland, at the time of the slaying.
Jayla currie is a part of the Wee Ones Nursery program at the Indiana women’s prison, which allows mothers to share rooms with their babies while they serve out their sentences. the 23-year-old has already served three months of her reduced 10-month sentence for meth manufacturing and possession.
Ronaldinho came on as the game approached full-time in queretaro's emphatic 4-0 win over club america. the former brazilian striker struck in the 85th and 90th minutes. the 35-year-old replaced team-mate Emanuel villa with just six minutes left on the clock.
the american, known as foxy. Knoxy, and former boyfriend Raffaele sollecito served four years for. the 2007 murder of the 21-year-old exchange student. they were freed on appeal in 2011 and returned to the. us where she rebuilt her life finding love with ex school friend Colin. sutherland. last year an appeal court overturned their acquittal finding the pair guilty of the murder again.
a night's stay in a four-star hotel and room service in Sofia costs £63.78. in new york, guests can expect to pay up to £276.61 for the same item. eastern european countries boast six of the world's 10 best value destinations.
step down to Durdle door beach washed away in storms in 2012. since then visitors have faced a perilous scramble down a crumbling cliff. landowner james weld has spent £15,000 to restore the steps. he said he was 'utterly fed-up with the bureaucracy'
jasmine midgley, from stockton-on-tees, was born with a birthmark. mark started growing into her throat, almost closing over her airways. doctors failed to realise it was cutting off her air supply. was diagnosed with a rare condition called a subglottic hemangioma. haemangiomas are benign tumors made up of blood vessels.
Chancellor said he wanted a 1980s-style property'revolution' since 2010 there have been 1.2 million first-time purchases. he wants at least 2.4 million more over the next five years.
two adjoining 'his and hers' mansions have gone on the market on the world-renowned Sandbanks peninsula for £13million. the beachfront properties called la Plage and la Baie are the latest in the so-called millionaires' row in poole, dorset. while one of the homes has five en-suite bedrooms, the other has four storeys and stunning sea views.
89-year-old says seeing former SS officer in court is 'a kind of satisfaction' comes after another Holocaust survivor forgave 'bookkeeper of death' last week. she called for trial to end and said he should not be prosecuted. co-plaintiffs said she should not have taken part in the trial in germany.
cara Newton, 32, was diagnosed with a rare bone cancer in 2009. doctors told her she had a zero per cent chance of conceiving naturally. chemotherapy drugs permanently stop the ovaries from producing eggs. this means a woman can no longer get pregnant and may have symptoms of the menopause, as Mrs Newton did. after IVF failed, the couple feared they would never become parents. but 10 months later, to their utter surprise, she became pregnant naturally. baby Sebastian was born
children who fail maths and english tests in primary school will be forced by the tories to re-sit them. around 100,000 pupils a year do not pass the tests before leaving primary school. prime minister said these children will be given extra help and support.
Neil bantleman, who also holds british nationality, sentenced to ten years in jail. he was afforded one final kiss from his wife before being led away by police. sentence sparked outrage from his supporters, including the school itself. also standing trial for abusing children is Indonesian teaching assistant. both men have strongly denied committing abuse at prestigious school.
former lecturer martyn reuby won the first round in his legal battle. unite has led campaign against use of zero-hours contracts. 59-year-old claims he was sacked after complaining.
a lunar eclipse occurs when the moon passes in the shadow of earth. this is an area known as the umbra, where light from the sun is blocked by our planet. the light refracts differently in the atmosphere and, as it hits the moon, it makes it appear red. the eclipse is the third in a series of four blood moons, with the final one expected on September 28.
parolee John McCallum, 27, was this week sentenced for a charge of second-degree murder. he broadsided Francesca weatherhead, 25, while fleeing police in a high speed pursuit. the crash at an intersection in redford, michigan, flipped her car and killed her. her death caused outrage when it was revealed McCallum had been paroled not five months prior - despite being sentenced to a maximum of 20 years in prison.
Ellen brody was killed along with five passengers when a train crashed into her SUV on the tracks at a railroad crossing in westchester county. her daughters, Danielle, Julia and Alexa, have spoken out to say that their mother is not a murderer and that it was an accident that she drove on to the tracks. though the cause of the collision remains unknown, the daughters say that their mother has been criticized and that people have jumped to conclusions about what happened.
Lacey spears of Scottsville,. Kentucky, was spared the maximum 25 years to life in prison. she chronicled her son garnett's illnesses on a personal blog called 'garnett's Journey' the judge who sentenced Spears on Wednesday said she suffers from a mental illness and said the crime was still 'unfathomable in its cruelty'
Hannah was blinded in one eye, her left hand split in two and her left leg shattered. shrapnel damaged her abdomen, leading doctors to tell her she'd never have another child. she elected to have her leg amputated as unbearable pain left her housebound. feared she wouldn't be there to help daughter Lexi-River blow out the candles on her cake. miss Campbell has since split from long-term partner and Lexi-River's
if anyone won this debate it was the women. their less choreographed style of body language gave the impression we were listening to real messages from real people rather than watching spin doctors’ puppets performing. his gesticulation and approach looked as manicured and choreographed as a Torville and Dean routine.
Nicola sturgeon was hailed as the shock winner of last night's tv debate. one snap poll deemed her well ahead of david cameron and nigel farage. overall, four polls of viewers put mr cameron just ahead of miss sturgeon.
general mess, dated carpets and kitchens, unfinished DIY projects and the small size of their property rank highest on the list of embarrassments.
new images have emerged of the 31-year-old looking a little more hirsute. he appears to have a much thicker chest of hair in a photo shoot. fans have taken to twitter to comment on the latest male grooming debate.
technology could help food and drink, healthcare and the defence sector. it works by analysing a materials 'hyperspectral signature', which is its unique chemical fingerprint. once the camera take an image, the data would be further analysed by a third-party to extract the hyperspectral signature at any location in the image.
Josh Mason, who is standing in lib dem-held redcar, said visit would not 'do us favours' but after lib dem HQ heard about remarks he was forced to make an embarrassing U-turn. he said: 'i think that Nick Clegg coming to redcar might be a little bit of a double-edged sword for us'
former fortune 500 executive Robert dellinger, 54, pleaded guilty in february to negligent homicide in the deaths of Amanda Murphy, 24, and her fiance, 29-year-old Jason Timmons. he drove his pickup truck across a median at more than 100mph and plowed into an oncoming SUV, killing the couple instantly. prosecutors previously said that dellinger told investigators he was trying to kill himself on the day of the crash. during the first day of what is expected
prince will spend four weeks with the australian defence force next week. will visit the australian war memorial before heading to barracks. will also take part in 'indigenous engagement' programmes.
Purvi patel, 33, of Granger, indiana, was jailed for 20 years for feticide. she was convicted on charges of feticide and neglect of a dependent. court heard that she took abortion drugs to cause a miscarriage. she then disposed of her fetus in a dumpster behind a super target store.
porn film starring a woman dressed as a school girl was filmed on the railway. the 28 minute movie was filmed on the Epping Ongar historic railway. locals were shocked to learn the location had been rented out. parents said they were disgusted and mortified by the decision to use the railway.
the food chain's new spring menu features two 340-calorie cheesecake-filled donuts, one 380-calorie loaded bagel, one 640-calorie chicken-filled pretzel bun and a 210-calorie steak and cheese wrap. the sandwich contains 1,560mg of sale, which is equal to 68 per cent of the daily recommended intake of 2,300mg of salt. the new ice cream-inspired coffee flavors - Rocky road swirl, butter pecan swirl, or cookie dough swirl -
the'mediterranean-dash intervention for neurodegenerative delay' diet includes at least three daily servings of wholegrains and salad – along with an extra vegetable and a glass of wine. lowered the risk of Alzheimer's by 53 per cent in those who stuck to the diet rigidly. for those that followed it moderately well, it lowered the risk by about 35 per cent.
real madrid and atletico madrid will both be missing one player each. both were booked during the 0-0 draw at the Vicente calderon. the second leg takes place at the Santiago Bernabeu next tuesday. click here for all the latest real madrid news.
Emma Jackson, 28, moved into a quiet cul-de-sac in Hull just over a year ago. but within a week, her dream home turned into a nightmare thanks to an aggressive neighbour. unemployed mark Ray, 56, had a penchant for watching TV with the volume turned up at all hours of the day. the photography student asked him to turn it down but was met with a barrage of abuse that culminated, a year later, in violent threats and stalking.
screen icon died in august aged 89 in her nine-room home overlooking new york's central park. there were hundreds of items up for grabs at the two-day sale, which came to an end on wednesday. every single one of them found a buyer, a spokesperson for the auction house confirmed.
Lorraine cobourn was hit by one of Derby's distinctive yellow Hackney Carriages. the 51-year-old had to leave her job as a bank clerk as a result of injuries. she has received two payouts and is now undergoing counselling.
students in north east china's jilin province are being forced to leave school grounds to eat their lunch everyday. the school has banned students from bringing food onto the premises and has even erected barbed wire and metal sheeting to prevent smuggling.
documents include details relating to a contract with ceglia during an 18-month stretch beginning in 2003. ceglia has been on the run for a month after cutting off his electronic ankle bracelet. his father told a court they believe facebook and the prosecutors were conspiring against him. with a may 4 trial approaching, ceglia cut off his electronic ankle bracelet last month and fled.
jasper and jasmine were surrendered to pug rescue and adoption victoria in 2013 with a variety of health problems. they were morbidly obese, struggling to breathe, and almost blind due to pigmentary keratitis. after six months of rehabilitation, both dogs managed to find a loving home with Alison and Matt rowe. they decided to 'wed' their new pups in a charity event in may to raise money for the organisation that helped save them.
farrend rawson played 90 minutes in Rotherham's 1-0 win over Brighton. manager Steve Evans claimed his loan had been extended. but Rawson was not involved in the 2-0 defeat at middlesbrough on saturday.
Andy McIlvaine, 33, was lugging three bottles of champagne onto a flight from Baltimore to Maine in October when he got talking to a group of southwest employees. they gave him a $100 voucher as a gift. then they threw a wedding shower at Baltimore-Washington international airport.
Benjamin Netanyahu said deal would 'legitimise' Iran's nuclear programme. he said it would 'increase Iran's aggression and terror throughout the region'
campaign chiefs attempted to rebuff a letter from 100 business leaders. they published their own message calling for a labour government. but the plan quickly unravelled as it was revealed the signatories included a benefit fraudster, a boss who has used zero-hours workers and a string of union and party activists. today another of the signatories appeared to switch her allegiance to green party leader Natalie Bennett.
the 50-year-old driver will front court on Tuesday facing a string of charges. police allege he rammed his car into the home at Delaneys creek, north-west of Brisbane, about 7.30pm on monday. five people, including a woman believed to be the man's ex-partner, were in the home at the time. a terrifying scene then unfolded, with the driver of the car allegedly climbing out of the smashed vehicle and stabbing a 50
former national security chief is accused of corruption and leaking state secrets. he is an ally of bo xilai, the top official jailed over the murder of Neil Heywood. the all-powerful Chinese Communist party has always been reluctant to admit wrongdoing.
mother-of-two whizzes placenta into smoothies or into pills. mother-of-two, 41, is part of a rapidly growing cottage industry. she has had no reported cases of food poisoning among her clients. swindon council is claiming that her services pose a danger.
'he's always taken a very nasty and disrespectful tone with teachers and other individuals who dare dare question him at these events,' said the state's largest teacher's union. 'it's the one thing that never seems to change,' said Steve wollmer of the NJ Education Association.
Kadeem brown, 25, was killed in the crash in the Bronx, new york. the cab driver, 44-year-old Emilo Garcia, suffered a seizure. he jumped a curb before crashing into a group waiting at a bus stop.
head of Salahuddin provincial council said fighters burnt 'hundreds of houses' comes as prime minister orders forces to oppose vandalism in city of Tikrit. security and military forces ordered to 'deal with cases of vandalism'
more than 7million front lawns in britain have been paved over. the sight of a green garden is said to boost people's mood. the royal horticultural society (rhs) is calling on people to plant trees, shrubs, climbers, hedges or flowers to attract wildlife.
silver car parked on the side of the road covered in hundreds of chili peppers. incident occurred on bridge st in Hornsby on the upper north shore of Sydney. chili peppers are clearly slashed open and littered on the bonnet of the car.
Charles Kane of Spencerport, new york was arrested as he met up with a 14-year-old girl for sex at a local movie theater. the married band teacher had communicated with the girl online after posting a Craigslist ad seeking a young girl for a daddy/daughter relationship. he was arrested when he arrived at the theater with a full box of condoms as the young girl was in fact an undercover police officer.
angela Collins and Margaret Elizabeth Hanson used sperm bank in 2006. they believed they had strict vetting process for their donor. but in June 2014 they discovered he was called James Christian Aggeles. he is said to have schizophrenia, spent time in jail and dropped out of college.
mohammad liaqat stormed into a Catholic school and launched a 'racist tirade' he hurled insults at white teachers in front of shocked parents. 34-year-old objected to the strict uniform policy at mount carmel high school. he was found guilty of assault and five counts of racially or religiously aggravated behaviour.
Jesse Roepcke, 27, was arrested in ormond beach, florida, on charges of pointing a laser at a driver or pilot and possession or use of narcotic paraphernalia. while in jail, police discovered that the man had stashed a quantity of pot in his backside. police also seized a'smoking device' from the pair's car, which reeked of pot.
researchers have created a special robo-explorer to borrow into the ice. vehicle was deployed (and retrieved) the vehicle through a 12-inch diameter hole through 20 meters of ice and another 500 meters of water to the sea floor.
Kayla mooney, 24, 'had sex with a male student off campus last year' she turned herself into police at 5pm on tuesday and was charged with sexual assault and providing alcohol to a minor. she is the third area teacher to face sexual misconduct charges since february.
total eclipse of the moon lasted just five minutes on saturday morning. skygazers in the western u.s., canada, australia and new zealand caught it. eclipse is the third in a series of four blood moons.
foreigners now account for almost one family doctor in five, figures show. but in some areas the proportion is more than two-thirds, doctors say. the number will rise further over the next few years because the NHS is so short of homegrown medics, senior doctors say.
HIV specialists and network security experts at university college london made the discovery after creating a simulation of how the virus spreads. they worked together to build a model for this 'hybrid spreading' which accurately predicted patients' progression from HIV to AIDS in a clinical trial. HIV infects CD4+ T-cells, which play a vital role in the immune system and protect us from diseases. as HIV progresses, it reduces the number of active T-cells in the
under-25s saw their wages rise more than eight times faster than over-50s. in the last three months of 2014, 5.4 per cent of 18-25-year-olds changed jobs, compared to only 1.2 per cent of 50-64-year-olds. critics say employers are cynically taking advantage of older workers who stay with the same company for longer.
Jan Hansen's egg is so big that it took him three days to put together. the creation had to be completed using a step ladder and is the equivalent of 1,600 chocolate bars. the 58-year-old chocolatier hopes to raise £1,000 from the sale of the egg.
Daniel deMarco, 28, was arrested in an Elmwood park car lot at 2.45pm on friday for possession of one bag of crack cocaine, a hypodermic syringe and drug paraphernalia. police on scene believed deMarco, of lodi, looked suspicious as they were patrolling the area for narcotics travel. in addition to the possession charges, deMarco was charged with being under the influence of a controlled dangerous substance and DWI.
over the past five years, passengers have left behind more than $2.7 million in quarters and dimes. last year the TSA were allowed to keep $675,000 in spare change. according to federal law, if no one comes back to claim the money it stays with the agency.
NRL head of football Todd greenberg has vowed to issue Canterbury fans who threw bottles at match officials with life-time bans. the scenes after the final siren were unacceptable and the culprits would be found. sideline interchange official Darren alchin was taken to hospital with a broken shoulder blade after slipping over in an attempt to avoid a water bottle thrown from the stands.
Youtube user Joe Penna solved a whopping 1,296 mini rubik's cubes 961 times. with the help of animator Jeff Schweikart, the pair produce a short animated video. the video features a robot building a spaceship, heading off into the atmosphere and finding love. a squeaky backing track that wouldn't sound out of place in a game of pac-man plays throughout the one minute and 25 second clip.
professional photographer Scott gable, 39, spent four months travelling across south east Asia. he documented the labour and threadbare equipment used to harvest the carbohydrate-rich food. rice is a staple food for more than one-half the world's population.
80 current and former leaders say academy-style freedoms are benefiting children. but they say labour – and some senior lib dems – appear to be threatening to reimpose state controls. letter signed by heads of good and outstanding autonomous schools.
Colin Mcinerney, 28, claims he was beaten by a man, two teenagers and a boy aged only about 10 on friday night at the fast food restaurant in coolalinga near Darwin. the man's 22-year-old girlfriend, Rachael sheppard, told the NT news he had just gestured at the family by waving with his little pinky as people do in Darwin. despite telling the family they thought they were someone different, the older man allegedly started ba
michael holpin, 56, from monmouthshire, says he wants more children. claims he had them by 20 women and admits he would not recognise them. three-times married man keeps track of them with family tree tattooed on back. says 16 of his children have been taken into care at some stage. but former friends say his claim to 40 children is nonsense.
pat ingles, 69, remembers her grandmother sitting by the fire knitting. the retired hairdresser, from edinburgh, prefers to dress up in kinky outfits. her wardrobe includes a risque fancy dress police woman look. she also wears air hostess and french maid outfits.
'pro-anorexia' sites will face a year in prison and a fine equivalent to £7,000. around 40,000 people suffer from anorexia in france, the vast majority women. in march, MPs in france rejected a ban on ultra-slim models.
Toni Elliot, 53, thought she had hurt a tooth when she sat for dinner at puckett's boat house in Franklin, tennessee, on Thursday. however, when she spat out the mouthful she was chewing she discovered a pearl in the palm of her hand. as naturally-occurring pearls are rare, it's expected that Elliot's stash could fetch a princely sum.
penalty rates will come into force across good friday, saturday, sunday and easter monday. young workers will not be able to earn up to $50 an hour as a casual. the australian chamber of commerce has launched a campaign for small businesses to voice their concerns and call on the federal government to make changes.
fashion retailers have started getting in on the beauty act with plenty of shops now offering their own make-up ranges as well as clothing. from marks and Spencer to primark, they’re all at it, flogging foundation and lippy alongside frocks and leggings. but are any of them worth splashing your cash on?
the 18-year-old moved from Nigeria to the u.s. when he was eight. his winning essay described his family's struggle to fit in after emigrating to america. he says his parents' struggle inspired him to take every opportunity he was given.
the 216 prisoners, including 40 children, believed they were being led to execution. instead, they were piled onto minibuses that drove them to peshmerga positions. the Yazidis, made up of women, children and the elderly, are said to be in poor health.
Orana wildlife park in new Zealand's Christchurch has installed a moving cage to bring spectators as close as possible to lions in an open habitat. 20 people, including visitors and zoo keepers, climb inside to have lunch with a lion with a pack of the hungry beasts clambering over the cage.
Direct assist, based in bolton, told one complainant they were likely to be called for three years until they made a claim. the information commissioner's office and the telephone preference service registered 801 concerns about the company. every complaint came from someone who was registered with the TPS.
jamyra gallmon, 21, has been charged with first-degree felony murder while armed over the killing of 30-year-old lawyer David messerschmitt. police released surveillance video of a 'person of interest' who was seen entering the donovan hotel shortly after messerschmitt texted his wife to say he would be home. the next day he was found dead after being stabbed in the back at his hotel room with 'various credit cards strewn about
runBase is a combination clubhouse, interactive museum and retail store that, for the first time, gives them a year-round, public presence. it will allow visitors to learn about the world's most prestigious road race, run a replica of the course on a treadmill or see artifacts from its 118-year history. it will give runners a place to gather before going for a jog by the Charles River, and then shower and change before heading back to work or to the convention
fitness guru has admitted some of her recipes had been ripped off. the 26-year-old confirmed the revelations in a video posted on YouTube. it comes after a blogger posted about similarities between recipes on her website and a food blog. it comes as she reveals she has been abused by online trolls who made nasty comments about her unborn child.
australia's civil aviation safety authority has placed higher safety restrictions on Thai Airways. but it has avoided following the footsteps of its Asian neighbours by banning future charter flights of Thai airlines. a report by the ICAO found'significant safety concerns' with the country's aviation safety to Thailand's department of civil aviation.
eighth grader from texas started a blog called 'killing children' in august last year, with the tag line: 'this is a continuous story about me murdering people I hate' there were 11 chapters published online up until January this year, with stories titled 'Massacre', 'Thrown Under The Bus' and 'Blood, Blood, And More Blood' the boy was removed from class, and his parents withdrew him from the school. last month,
calcium formations on 'altamura man' suggest he was 128,000 to 187,000 years old. researchers plan to sequence his DNA to see if they can reveal new details about the evolution of our ancient ancestors. it is believed he was left in such a peculiar spot after falling in a well and getting stuck.
locations in Ceredigion, Powys and pembrokeshire being used to radicalise Muslims, according to police. those involved 'take part in seemingly ordinary activities' but 'have an ulterior motive', detective constable gareth Jones said. incidents of Islamic extremist activity in west wales can be traced back to 1998, when it is claimed hate preacher Abu Hamza sent a group of 10 extremists to train.
Donna Hussey, 32, was helpless as runaway trailer mounted pavement. a passing lorry driver tried to resuscitate Freddie and paramedics arrived. but he died shortly afterwards at Bristol children's hospital. trolls on facebook have branded her a 'bad mum' over Freddie's death.
images were shot by photographer Victor Albert prout, who developed the negatives in an improvised dark room on board his punt. most of the images capturing the iconic landmarks along the river are instantly recognisable today. the pictures are to be sold as a collection at the Oxford book fair and are estimated to sell for around £30,000.
Nigel farage has vowed he would stand down as leader if he fails to win. a poll put the conservatives on course to retain the seat by a small margin. but Diane james insists the show would go on without him.
Ephedra foeminea waits for the full moon to 'bloom' and produces a sugary droplet to attract pollinating insects. when a nocturnal butterfly or insect lands on one of the orbs at night, the pollen it’s carrying is used to fertilise the seed. researchers from Stockholm university noticed the droplets at the same time of the year having conducted four years of research.
Joseph getty, 26, had 83 microgrammes of alcohol per 100ml of breath. pleaded guilty to drink-driving and received a 20-month ban.
Bryan Santana of Orlando, florida has been charged with murder in the death of his former roommate, Shelby Fazio. prosecutors described the pizza delivery driver as 'delighting' in the pain he allegedly caused the young woman. jurors also heard that after allegedly wrapping a belt around Fazio's neck and stabbing her in the throat with a pen, Santana then reportedly had sex with her corpse. he is also accused of killing and
John Noble, 53, shot himself in the head at the M resort on sunday. he was angry that he had lost his free buffet access after he allegedly harassed female employees at the casino in 2013. he sent a 270 page package to the review-journal on monday including a two hour DVD and a letter entitled 'The curse'.
women paid 62p an hour in Mauritius to make 'feminist' t-shirts. factory exposed by mail on sunday for low wages and prison-like accommodation for women making the 'this is what a feminist looks like' t-shirts. dozens of workers sacked and deported for staging 'illegal strike'
'catamavan' has an oven, fridge freezer, shower, toilet, double bed and tables. it is fitted with a small engine that reaches four knots.
spending on foreign aid set to soar by an extra £1billion over next two years. new accounting rules could bump up bill by hundreds of millions of pounds. aid expert said it could mean an increase of £500million in aid budget.
the unique two-bedroom home was first put on the market for at least $1.1 million, but failed to sell in an initial auction in mid-March. founder of the wikileaks party, whose son is still seeking refuge in the Ecuadorean embassy, managed to secure a buyer for well over his asking price on Wednesday. the property was originally built in the 1870s as the servant's quarters to a Victorian villa next door. it is a short walk to parks, cafes and public
for nearly 40 years, physicists have argued that black holes suck in information and then evaporate without leaving behind any clues as to what they once contained. now, one scientist says this may not be true, and that interactions between particles emitted by a black hole can reveal information about what lies within.
university of Sydney is running a pilot program for students at Scot's college. students who completed the 17-week course were guaranteed places in a number of undergraduate level courses. the program was devised by the university's commercial arm, Sydney learning. concerns have been raised over how the program is being advertised.
world's largest atom-smashing machine restarted after two years being upgraded. physicists hope to see dark matter for the first time thanks to the upgrade. re-opening was delayed by another couple of weeks due to a short circuit.
drug company accused of trying to block trials promoting a 'cheap, safe and effective' treatment for sight loss on the NHS. wet age-related macular degeneration (AMD) is the most common form of blindness in people over 50. wet AMD is the most common form of blindness in people over 50.
the elaborate fraud involved cars and vans being driven into the side of buses. passengers - who were mainly friends and relatives complicit in the scam - could falsely claim from insurers. the crashes took place between October 2010 and January 2012 and earned ringleader, 45, from connah's quay, north Wales, £159,000.
the senator's partner Sophie allouache gave birth to baby Hannah in Adelaide on good friday. it is the second child for the long-term couple who welcomed their eldest daughter Alexandra in 2011. the couple used the same sperm donor who helped them become parents to Alex.
5,300-ton HMS talent limped back to port with a huge dent. royal navy top brass are investigating the incident. defence officials refused to disclose exact details of the crash. they were adamant that HMS Talent struck ‘floating ice’.
Etienne gould nunan was born prematurely at 26 weeks in the womb. he was born with a hole in his heart and a brain bleed. he developed pneumonia, suffered a collapsed lung and endured 58 blood transfusions to fight infections. his parents, carman gould and Jonathan nunan, have praised medical staff for taking care of their son who came into the world not breathing.
many of the super-rich are having them built — complete with huge comfy seats and cup-holders, eardrum-blasting surround-sound systems, massive screens and even cocktail bars and popcorn-makers. this week we learnt that the Beckhams want one, too. a planning application submitted for their 1860s home in london’s Holland park shows drawings for a lower-groundfloor ‘cinema room’.
council chiefs claimed it was too dangerous to collect roadside litter. winchester council said annual clean-up hit by new health and safety rules. but the HSE denied tightening rules and said councils were 'over-interpreting' legislation. former poet Laureate sir Andrew motion accused town hall bosses of ruining countryside.
Julian lines was filmed edging towards the top of the cliff in the cairngorms. the 42-year-old has been solo climbing for almost 30 years. he said 'life's problems evaporate' when he is solo climbing.
managers from the london ambulance service have just filled 225 vacant posts with applicants from Sydney and Melbourne. selection process held at five-star hotels was so quick by 8am the next day applicants had received an email informing them if they had a job. growing numbers of paramedics are quitting the NHS. many are frustrated at having to spend hours queuing outside a&e units which are too full to accept their patients. many are choosing to take up posts as ‘advanced
Nicola sturgeon demanded the retirement age be frozen in a move which would cost billions of pounds. said rising retirement age was unfair for pensioners in Scotland because they don’t live as long as their counterparts in the rest of the country. said flat rate pension should increase to ‘at least’ £160 a week.
Netanyahu spoke to president Obama just hours after the agreement was signed. he said: 'a deal based on this framework would threaten the survival of Israel''such a deal would not block Iran's path to the bomb. it would pave it,' he said.
detective Patrick cherry was stripped of his shield and gun following the outburst which was viewed more than three million times on youtube.
35,000 gathered on the white house south lawn for the 137th annual Easter egg roll festivities. pop band fifth harmony and duo mkto brought music to the event. the first lady joined the so you think you can dance all stars on stage taking the spotlight during a choreographed routine. this comes only days after she sported her mom dance moves on the Tonight show where she danced in a segment called the Evolution of Mom Dancing Part 2.
residents of Celoron, new york, reacted with shock and horror when the bronze statue was unveiled in 2009. following a social media campaign to have the statue removed, sculptor Dave poulin called it 'by far my most unsettling sculpture' and pledged to make a new one. the depiction is so unflattering a facebook page called 'We Love Lucy! get rid of this statue' has attracted more than 600 likes.
the quota system was abolished today after 30 years - allowing dairy farmers to produce as much milk as they like. the move is expected to drive a spike in production, particularly in countries like ireland, germany and the netherlands. as a result, a price war over the cost of milk is likely to break out, bringing down the price for consumers.
reality check: the great wall of china attracts over 10 million visitors a year. reality check: flying on a private jet and on a commercial flight are polar opposite experiences. be prepared to wade through hordes of tourists and wade through crowds.
a whole host of women are looking better in their fifth decade than ever. gwyneth isn't alone in this new attitude to life past the age of forty.
pictures show al-Qaeda commander gloating as he wields AK-47. Khalid Saeed batarfi was a senior leader with al-Qaeda in the Arabian peninsula. two days ago terrorists stormed the prison he was being held in.
tampons absorb chemicals commonly used on toilet paper, laundry detergents and shampoos, which glow under UV light. this means they could shed light on previously undetectable misplumbed pathways. around five per cent of homes in the uk have pipes that are misconnected, causing them to leak sewage.
the men's clothing label is aimed at cashing in on a new wave of patriotism sweeping Russia ahead of a giant military parade in red square on may 9. the move underlines the decisive contribution of the red army to defeating the nazis.
V Stiviano showed off new braces while out to lunch in los angeles on Thursday. the 32-year-old was joined by an older male companion and some new accessories while dining al fresco. this just days before a judge will decide if she must hand over $2.8million in gifts she received from her ex, embattled former los angeles clippers owner Donald Sterling.
Ian Walters, 51, allegedly killed his wife Tracy by deliberately driving their 4x4 off the motorway at 84mph. court heard that two dogs and suitcases were also thrown out of the pick-up truck as it crashed into a line of trees. witnesses described how passing motorists went to aid the couple, both trapped in the wreckage of the 4x4.
noose was found at 2 a.m. on the Bryan center plaza in Durham, north carolina. area is home to several offices focused on diversity on the campus. police are trying to work out who hung the rope on the tree.
Pascal tessier, 18, has been a vocal advocate of opening the 105-year-old organization to gay scouts and leaders. the national organization changed its policy in 2013 to allow openly gay kids as scouts, but not adults as leaders, after a bitter debate over its membership policy. 'this is a watershed moment,' said Zach Wahls, executive director of Scouts for Equality.
high winds blowing sand across the united arab emirates have caused chaos for people trying to travel and work in the country. flights bound for the city's international airport have had to be diverted because of the poor visibility. a 24-year-old was airlifted to hospital after being seriously injured in a traffic accident caused by the reduced visibility.
eccentrically-disguised man entered a branch of the u.s bank in the city of Santa Cruz at around 3pm last friday. handed the cashier a note demanding money. his blonde wig, female clothing, glasses and purse immediately prompted comparisons with Mrs Doubtfire from the 1993 movie of the same name.
Madison small, from ashburn, va, left school early on Monday and, after she woke up in the night with a severe headache, she was rushed to hospital. by Tuesday afternoon, her father, tim small, had contacted the Broad run high school to let staff know that his daughter had passed away that morning. the Virginia medical examiner's office is now investigating her death and an autopsy has been ordered, but no cause has yet been given.
Boris Majnaric, 75, of south jordan built the 384-sq-ft, four-room bird house in 1996 and went on to rear more than 200 birds. over the years neighbors filed a torrent of complaints about the pigeons, detailing excess droppings and noise. last Tuesday the structure was finally demolished.
Malia Obama, 16, is already visiting colleges in preparation for when she heads off to school in the fall of 2016. she hasn't even finished high school, but president said the thought of her heading off to college has him crying on a daily basis. he said he'starts tearing up in the middle of the day and I can't explain it, why am I so sad? 'they're leaving me'
experimental cancer drug axed over poor results may reverse Alzheimer's. scientists at Yale university in the us have revealed how treatment restored memory in mice given Alzheimer's disease. drug worked by blocking process that breaks nerve connections in brain used to store memory.
Anthony Stokes, 17, died on Tuesday after he crashed a stolen Honda into a pole as he fled the scene of an attempted burglary at an elderly woman's home in Roswell, georgia. his death comes less than two years after he was given a second chance at life following a heart transplant at children's healthcare of Atlanta. the boy, from decatur, suffered from a dilated cardiomyopathy so his heart was unable to pump enough blood. he
cardboard gnome was signed by all four members of the Beatles after starring on the iconic cover of the Fab Four's 1967 album. cardboard cutouts or waxworks of more than 60 celebrities including Bob Dylan and marlon brando were on the cover picture. following the shoot on march 30, 1967, Mr cooper's photography assistant was given the 20-inch tall cardboard gnome as a souvenir by the band. auctioneers in the us have valued the gnome, which has some water damage,
police say the man had been ejected from the club late Thursday night. he soon returned and attacked the security guard from behind. the 29-year-old bouncer was taken to hospital with non-life threatening injuries. police have expressed their 'disgust' over the incident.
builders in turkey have accidentally found one of the largest and most complex underground cities in the otherworldly region of cappadocia. the city lies beneath the Nevşehir fortress and the surrounding area, which was being excavated during a construction project. multilevel settlement is likely to include living spaces, kitchens, wineries, chapels, staircases.
Lauren Crawley, 54, from hertfordshire, was given a new platinum implant. made it easier to blink again, as she tells THEA JOURDAN.
amusement park dreamworld is being sued for $290,000 by a former casual employee. Zoe prince claims she suffers from a permanent disability caused by checking harnesses on the tower of terror thrill ride. she alleges she was required to inspect around 1500 harnesses every day. the 28-year-old has already undergone two operations and has developed intersection syndrome and de quervain’s tenosynovitis in her right wrist.
high court rules hospital must pay in excess of £14.6 million for birth injuries. staff failed to carry out a Caesarean section or properly monitor her during labour. led to her son, now 12, being born with cerebral palsy. decision is believed to be one of the most significant in a case of medical negligence and the largest ever court-ordered award for birth injury.
make-up artist maria malone-guerbaa, 41, from london, used only paints. used kryolan paint, a dense, long-lasting make-up used by stage actors.
two-year-old Nathaly Hernandez was born with a number of complications impacting her joints and movement. she has lived at the home of the innocents nursing facility in Kentucky since she was three months old. staff at the facility were stunned by her antics and made a video of her in action last Friday and posted it online. to date, the clip has been watched thousands of times with viewers giving it a big thumbs up.
Lisa Williams, 49, hit taxi driver David Coleman three times with a claw hammer. the two families had been 'neighbours at war' since 2007. court heard that Williams' brother had smeared mud on the Colemans' windows. she was only stopped when a third neighbour pulled the hammer out of her hands.
gang of four were seen trying to hack into an ATM outside a warwickshire supermarket. they then fled police in a stolen Audi RS7 at speeds of up to 145mph. police tracked them to a block of flats in Tamworth and found a list of ATMs. gang were jailed for conspiracy to steal and aggravated vehicle taking.
Shaun Andrew McKerry, 31, attempted to rob a post office in county Durham. burst into the store wielding an axe and demanding cash, as an accomplice stood at the door. but he was subdued after shopkeeper Sab dhillon rugby tackled him. mrs dhillon then appeared clutching her son's baseball bat and subdued him further. McKerry has been unmasked as the axe wielding
suspect identified as 25-year-old gul Ahmad saeed from town in north-west pakistan. he is alleged to have shot dead his fiancee, her parents and seven of her siblings. comes months after he is alleged to have murdered his own parents.
Charles terreni Jr, 18, was found dead at the pi Kappa alpha house in Columbia, south carolina, around 10:30am on march 18. he was four times over the legal alcohol limit when he died, an autopsy has found. neighbors said the house threw a party the night before, on st patrick's day. a keg and several stray cups were seen on the porch, as well as clover decorations and a beer keg
Valerie Cadman-khan, 56, from middlesbrough, was arrested in 2008. she was handcuffed in front of her daughter, who was 12 at the time. following the incident, her confidence as a mother was called into question. she appeared on this morning to talk about winning her wrongful arrest case against the police.
Michelle Gent directed and starred in violent films featuring whips, chains and scantily clad women before selling the videos online. the former lib dem councillor, 50, used the party's offices in Ashfield, Nottinghamshire, to hold auditions for the sordid films. some of the clips show women bound with leather straps, while others show girls drenched in fake blood.
passengers snapped photos of a winglet dangling by a thread after collision. it's the second time in six months two planes have collided at airport. passengers on board both planes were taken back to the terminal by bus.
scientists have used a new technique to reconstrcut the colourful patterns on 28 fossilised cone snail shells that are up to 6.6 million years old. instead of being a simple white colour, they were infact covered in streaks of orange, purple, blue and even large pokadots. scientists now believe the cone snail shells, which come from the northern Dominican republic, include 13 entirely new species.
scientists have discovered an 'Achilles' heel' in prostate cancer. cancer claims almost 11,000 lives a year in the uk. latest study gets to the root of this spread and could mean better outcomes for the 42,000 men a year diagnosed with the illness. scientists studied samples taken from tumours in the prostate and around the body in ten affected men.
labour leader's secret cribsheets also reveal how he planned to'relish the chance to show who I am' in handwritten notes, he appears to exhort himself to 'use the people at home' ten pages of notes apparently left behind in salford ITV studios.
more than 230 people were arrested over drug-related offences at Future music festival events around australia between February 28 and march 9. organisers explained that due to low ticket sales and high operational costs, the festival could not continue. many people were genuinely upset over the cancellation - blaming the festival organisers for sending themselves broke. but others were quick to make fun of future festival goers, blaming'shirtless f***wits' for ruining the festival.
the 750 square metre apartment is spread across the entire 100th floor of super skyscraper australia 108. the new owner plans to live in the luxury pad when it is completed. it is tipped to have at least four bedrooms with huge walk in robes and ensuites. more than 1,000 apartments have sold off the plan since australia 108 went on the market in February.
the letters were written between august 1946 and November 1949 and saved by Jose until his death in 1995. they are expected to fetch upwards of $120,000 when they go up for auction at Doyle new york on April 15.
Anthony corrales of new jersey has filed a suit claiming he was almost killed by a retired police officer. he claims he was driving with his wife and daughter, 10, when a car cut in front of him after refusing to let him change lanes. when he got out of the car to get the license plate number, he was mowed down by the car, and driven for several blocks at breakneck speed by the driver. the incident occurred last June near the resorts world casino in
ambra battilana, 22, filed police report saying she was groped by Weinstein. but she did not 'co-operate' with authorities for four days, it has been claimed. it has been claimed she and her manager were trying to land a film role. but when 'pipe dream' came to nothing, she decided to pursue criminal case. her former lawyer, mark jay heller, withdrew from case, sources said. he was concerned she did not appear
Kun Kun was expelled from his village when locals signed a petition to banish him to 'protect villagers' health' Kun Kun contracted the virus from his mother when she was pregnant with him, but was only diagnosed when he was five years old. he was refused admission to local schools and locals would avoid contact with him, so he spent his days playing in the woods alone. now a specialist school in Linfen, a city in southern Shanxi province, has stepped in to help
woman in her 60s found floating in the water at boat club in sawley, london. a 65-year-old man has been arrested in connection with her death. the area was cordoned off for forensic examination. post-mortem examination failed to establish cause of death.
Sullivan, 46, is the first federal prosecutor to specialize in high-tech crime. he has spent two decades tackling cyber crime security in the private and public sector before joining the justice department.
Roy Keane will stand trial over an alleged road-rage incident with a taxi driver. the former manchester united player denies committing a public order offence. he is accused of causing harassment, alarm or distress to driver Fateh Kerar. the 43-year-old will face trial at Manchester magistrates' court on June 19.
#SkyhighSelfie is one of the unusual extras being offered on the airline's new 787 Dreamliner routes. mood lighting to help with jetlag, windows that can be darkened with a touch of a button and full length windows in the toilets. bespoke facebook application will allow customers to check in free of charge and share their location and photos mid-flight.
amelia rose Jones, 41 days old, was allegedly murdered by her grandfather. the youngster died of a bleed to the brain after being rushed to hospital. mark Jones, 45, denies murder at Newport crown court.
Sikander Rafiq, 34, and Samara jabreen, 32, lied to Birmingham city council. the couple claimed £66,268 housing benefit, council tax benefit and income support. but when Rafiq bought them a house, jabreen claimed to be a private tenant. she asked that her benefit payments be made to her landlord, Rafiq.
six infrared cameras allow pilots to 'look through' the air-frame. this gives them a 360 degree view of their surroundings and enemies. all of the information they need is projected onto the helmet's visor. 'you almost step into this other world where all this information comes in,' pilot said.
Allie, 21, delivered ten-question document to boyfriend yesterday. told him he must score at least 60 per cent 'to stay in the relationship' posted results of not-entirely-serious stunt on twitter, revealing he passed.
29-year-old pankaj saw fell three storeys from a macquarie park balcony. he died at the scene from serious head and internal injuries. emergency services were called to the unit block on cottonwood crescent. it is believed he was leaning on a wooden railing that ran across the top of the balcony.
Tracy Morgan appeared to strain and wince as he joined his fiancee Megan wollover and their daughter maven for a shopping trip in new jersey. it comes almost a year after he was first hospitalized following a tragic accident which claimed the life of his friend james McNair. the comedian suffered a traumatic brain injury as well as a broken leg, a broken nose and broken ribs in the accident.
catastrophic condition called'marine photic zone euxinia' took place in one of the prehistoric oceans. it happens when the sun-lit surface waters of the ocean become devoid of oxygen and are poisoned by hydrogen sulphide. study authors fear that the planet today could suffer similar consequences caused by the amount of carbon dioxide being created through the burning of fossil fuels.
'I am sightless in my right eye, and that’s the way it’s going to be until something comes along that’ll change it,' he said. the 75-year-old said he was 'over' the fear that he may not regain vision in that eye following a new year's day exercise accident. 'Right now, I’ve had 11 hours of surgery. they’ve tried. I can’t see out of my right eye, and that’s
ruba Khandaqji, 36, was charged with two counts of corruption by threat against a public official and resisting arrest without violence. the pharmacist called the Osceola county sheriff’s office on Monday telling the dispatcher to'shut up and listen' as she explained that she was going to hire a hitman and 'kill whomever I can kill' because she wanted to be deported to Jordan.
italian model ambra. battilana, 22, told police the 63-year-old asked her for a kiss and groped her during a. 'business meeting' at his tribeca office in Manhattan on friday. he allegedly put his hand up her skirt and asked her for a kiss. but a recorded conversation between him and battilana shows he did not deny the incident, it has been claimed. he has spoken to police and denied the
Alexander Bradley, a former friend of ex-new england patriots player Aaron Hernandez, appeared in court on wednesday to decide what he could testify in his murder trial. he said he was Hernandez's marijuana dealer before they became friends, and described the football star as a 'chain smoker' who bought the drug in quantities of up to 4 ounces at a time. he claims Hernandez shot him in the face, causing him to lose his right eye, in
surgeon accused of repeatedly punching a patient in the face to correct fracture. he claimed he had 'digitally manipulated' the patient's face as part of hospital treatment. but witnesses said that in reality he had actually been hitting the patient. world-renowned surgeon faces being struck off the medical register.
little owl spotted creeping along a tree branch before tugging at his brother's wing. scene was photographed by 48-year-old Dean Mason in beaconsfield, buckinghamshire.
researchers at joint base Lewis-mcchord in. Tacoma, washington, concluded that military suicides may be. more likely after members leave the service than during active duty deployment. in 2012, Pentagon reported 320 suicides by active-duty service members; another 268 soldiers took their lives last year.
Wayne Kyle gave his first interview since the end of the trial of his son's killer Eddie Routh. he said he and wife deby were'surviving' now that they had time to process their son's death. 'it was horrible. I mean, gut wrenching,' he said.
a kitten which miraculously survived a seven-storey fall is on the road to recovery. the six-month-old had fallen from a building in Zetland, inner-east of Sydney, last month and sustained serious injuries. it was taken in by a local vet clinic, who shared the story of aptly-named'seven' on social media. since then, the cat has won the hearts of many who have donated funds to help pay for the his hefty medical bills and
prelate sacked from religious order in Taranto, northeast italy. allegedly favoured sexual role-play scenarios in which his lover played the disciple Judas Escariot, and had to atone for betrayal of Jesus.
Kong Meng Xiong, 21, of St. Paul, Minnesota has been charged with kidnapping, third-degree criminal sexual conduct and false imprisonment. he allegedly forced a tearful 15-year-old girl into his car and screamed, 'you will never see your parents again!' in attempt to force her to be his teen bride. Xiong and his parents say they wanted the girl and Xiong to marry in the Hmong tradition because of their age
police are searching a pond near Carrsville, virginia, in an attempt to find the cell phone of 18-year-old college student anjelica 'AJ' hadsell. the longwood university freshman was home for spring break when she vanished on march 2. the family says they've been left in the dark about how, exactly, police were led to the pond in the first place. AJ's stepfather wesley had been caught breaking into a home two weeks after her disappearance
Mohamed Hamdin, 24, appeared at downing centre court charged with indecent assault. he allegedly touched a 15-year-old girl's crotch during a rap concert in Sydney. the pair had been kissing and dancing at the enmore theatre on australia day.
unidentified mother, 38, father, 42, and their two sons were found dead. police believe the father killed his wife and sons before using the gun on himself. officers found a handgun near the man's body and are not seeking a suspect.
native australian marsupial once occupied more than 70 per cent of the australian mainland. now it’s disappeared from around 80 per cent of that area with small populations remaining in Queensland, the northern territory and western australia. bilbies are of 'high significance to traditional land owners' with record of bilby populations dating back '15 million years'
never-before-seen pictures show former prime minister appearing to fall asleep at a wartime reunion party in 1959. churchill, then 84, was president dwight eisenhower's guest of honour at the gathering at the home of the us ambassador in london. the party, held on the 20th anniversary of nazi germany's invasion of poland, brought together the great and good of the allied WWII campaign.
the duchess of Cornwall pub will be built in prince's model village. it will be built on the centre-piece queen mother square. the pub is a joint development between the duchy of Cornwall and hall & woodhouse.
Gary Ross Dahl, the creator of the wildly popular 1970s fad the Pet rock, has died aged 78 in southern Oregon. his rocks, which formed a brief but remarkably successful craze for several months in 1975, came packed in a cardboard box containing a tongue-in-cheek instruction pamphlet for 'care and feeding' his wife, marguerite Dahl, confirmed on Tuesday that her husband of 40 years died march 23 of chronic obstructive pulmonary disease.
michael olsen, 52, from dartford, was challenged by two police officers. he abandoned his car in the middle of the road after ploughing into a traffic island and parked cars. when they got out he turned round and pulled a gun to PC Robert Wilson's head. when PC bird lunged at him he felt a sharp pain through his hand. they were able to restrain and arrest him where they found a bag of bullets
Sean McCabe, 30, was diagnosed with stage four hodgkin lymphoma in 2013. he was given the all-clear in september but was given just two months to live. father-of-three planned his own funeral and even booked the church. he even wrote a letter to his children for his partner to read to them. but after making a remarkable recovery he was told he was in remission. has now rebooked the church for his wedding to
former redgum frontman has slammed anti-islam protesters for using his song, I Was Only 19, at one of the rallies. the songwriter said the song was about compassion, tolerance and inclusiveness. it has emerged the hit was played at one of the rallies, which aimed to oppose'sharia law, halal tax and Islamisation'
Rilwan oshodi bought Karen Budow's bank details for just £3,200. he then spent her savings on cheeseburgers, champagne and computers. he was jailed for eight years in 2013 for two counts of conspiracy to defraud.
a 39-year-old woman named lillian roldan says she dated kidnapper ariel Castro from 2000 to 2003. she says she visited his house often and never knew about the young women he was keeping prisoner in his basement. but she says he kept his basement padlocked because he 'didn't want his kids to steal it'. he allegedly told her that he kept his money stored down there and 'didn't want his kids to
stepchildren of 69-year-old said to have 'lawyered up' over wrongful death suit. they are the only people who could launch a case, according to TMz. 'the sky's the limit' if it came to a court case, say attorneys. but sources close to the investigation say he won't be prosecuted for manslaughter.
aleksandr glushko, 21, drove for more than three miles while intoxicated to retrieve the truck he'd just crashed. but his bright idea turned sour when an Alaskan Railroad worker spotted him at the wheel of the forklift driving by the crash site. he has been charged with a felony for driving under the influence of alcohol.
the supermodel showcases her toned body in new imagery to promote her lingerie range for Autograph at M&s. the 27-year-old models her new summer sleepwear collection, which is full of mix and match pieces.
Gertrude weaver, who was already the oldest person in america, asked president Barack Obama to attend her birthday party. silver oaks health and rehabilitation center in camden, where weaver was a resident, confirmed her death and said they were 'devastated by her loss' weaver attributed her long life to treating others well and eating her own cooking.
chase lacasse, 19, was apprehended by real state police in new hampshire after allegedly walking up to an ice cream stand in full uniform with a handgun on his belt. the jacket he wore to the stand on Wednesday allegedly included police patches. a customer of the store, king kone in Merrimack, said that the costume was likely an April Fools' day prank.
Apryl foster, 33, was last seen on february 12 leaving a bar in Ybor city, florida, alone after a night of partying. after a widespread search, she was found by divers in her submerged car in a lake just a few blocks from her home. an autopsy has shown she was under the influence of alcohol and marijuana when she drove into the water and drowned. the medical examiner measured her blood alcohol level at 0.18, which is over twice the legal
singer-songwriter has lost three stone over the past year. follows a dairy-free, low-carb and low sugar diet. has been named vogue's 'today I'm wearing' star.
Russian artist marina Yamkovskaia specializes in creating life-like bird dolls and says she can't keep up with orders. all of the critters appear to have sold out except for one $399 fluffy owl named leo. to make her dolls she often uses real furs - such as mink and fox - which she recycles from old hats, collars or coats.
Morrisons has been named the best place to get breakfast in the uk. it beat major hotel, restaurant and pub chains to achieve the title. judges picked it out for its value for money, food quality and customer satisfaction.
nearly half of young workers think it is acceptable to regularly get drunk on a night out, compared to a fifth of the general population. binge drinking costs the british economy £4.9bn every year in terms of treating drunks in a&e, road crashes, police arrests and court cases. new poll of 4,000 adults found 7 per cent reported they have a drinking problem.
nearly all of the offenders who were granted clemency were convicted of dealing addictive, hard drugs. eight of those whose sentences were commuted were serving terms of life in prison. the effort is aimed at reducing harsh sentences for those who faced outdated guidelines at their time of sentencing.
Iain mackay, 40, believed to have argued with Thai girlfriend moments before death. he is also understood to have clashed with a man who was seen talking to his girlfriend at a bar.
Maryland's middle class is the highest paid in the country, with an average income of $72,483. with an average income of $37,963, Mississippi's middle class is the lowest paid in the country.
'le Femme' finishing school in new jersey aims to help 'trans' women. led by mother-of-three Ellen weirich, who has helped transgender community for decades. teaches women how to walk gracefully in heels, dress according to body shape and how to create convincing cleavage.
Kansai international airport in japan has never lost a piece of luggage. staff place suitcases on carousels with their handles facing outwards. this makes it easier for travellers to collect their luggage.
a judge has given a woman permission to become the first person to legally file for divorce from her elusive husband via a facebook message. Victor Sena Blood-Dzraku will be served with the divorce summons via a private Facebook message. it will be repeated once a week for three consecutive weeks or until 'acknowledged' by his wife. the couple married in 2009 in a civil ceremony.
Jane Bacon, 51, booked 'final trip' to Sharm El sheikh with husband. but doctors told her she needed an 18-week course of chemotherapy. she contacted easyjet to delay trip and was told to pay £176 to change flights. easyjet has since apologised and said it will refund the additional cost.
a 30-year-old Darwin man is accused of using someone else's employee registration number to pose as a fake nurse for six weeks. he was charged on Saturday with one count of fraud after detectives made contact with him in the northern territory. health authorities are now sifting through patient records to identify which patients the man interacted with and what drugs may have been administered.
Nicholas James langan, 24, from townsville, was arrested about 1.00am on January 27 at a beach in canggu, north of Kuta, for smoking a marijuana joint. police seized the 0.1 gram joint and a small bag of marijuana weighing 0.86 grams. also arrested was Hanung pekik hermantoro, 25, a driver for the green room villas where the Queensland painter was staying.
Google's patent says that the robot personality could replicate the robot's owner, 'a deceased loved one,' or 'a celebrity' the system would allow machines to download them in a similar way to an app - and even have a different personality for each user. friends will even be able to clone their robots and swap aspects of its personality.
bull riding is one of the most dangerous sports in the world. one in 15 bull rides across all age groups ends in injury of some sort. but that isn't enough to stop hundreds of child riders taking the hot seat each year.
millions of devout Christians around the world have been commemorating the trial, crucifixion and resurrection of Jesus. festival has been met with mesmerising religious parades across five continents. in northern Philippines, bare-footed men with bloodied backs lie on roads being beaten with sticks and whips.
the 44-year-old is a part of levo league's new ask4more campaign, which calls for women to request the salaries that they deserve. on average, women only earn 78 cents for every dollar made by men. in the video, she recalls a time when she was paid $10 to do a stand-up routine, when a man who performed the same amount of time earned $60.
Rosetta swooped to within 8.6 miles (14 km) of comet 67p’s surface on Saturday. its camera was able to capture a four image montage showing the two lobes of the icy comet in incredible detail. the top right frame offers a stunning view onto the comet’s ‘neck’ region that is littered with boulders. in the same frame, details in the cliffs of hathor can be seen, leading up to the ‘
nine-and-a-half minute broadcast aired on al-bayan radio network. hosts an american accent and takes listener through main events of day. also boasts of suicide bombings and'martyrdom operations'
the singer bought the 7,500-square-foot pad in 2007 for $24million. the duplex has five bedrooms, five-and-a-half bathrooms and two kitchens. floor to ceiling windows offer panoramic views of the city.
£135,000 spent trapping and moving 55 of the six-inch-long furry creatures. comes after record rainfall saw rivers burst their banks in 2014. environment agency says it has a legal duty to protect the water voles. but some residents think the scheme is an unnecessary waste of public money.
Albert Webb, 51, and sons Jimmy Chuter, 26, and Jesse Webb, 19, harassed pensioners with dementia in the street asking for money for roof repairs they hadn't done. they would drive their victims home from the post office before stealing from them. most of the victims were women aged in their 70s or 80s, while the eldest was a 97-year-old man. the family gang carried out 35 thefts, starting in february 2012.
Nelson Williams Sr. of Kankakee, says he is worried that 23-year-old kamron t. Taylor might attack him. in a courthouse outburst in february, Taylor shouted, 'i'm going to get you mother*******' he escaped from the jerome combs detention center in Kankakee at about 3am on wednesday and hid inside the facility. he beat and choked the guard who was
the 38-year-old mother flashed her breasts on google street view. she was reported by police with disorderly behaviour and handed herself in voluntarily. south australian law professor Rick Sarre believes it should not result in charges or a court appearance and that the oral swab test was unnecessary. he said he knows juvenile offenders who have had the same thing happen to them.
labour leader admits he cried when he and wife watched 2014 film. he said: 'pride is about the lesbian and gay community in london' 'i blubbed', he said. 'i plead guilty to being a geek. i'm proud'
Benjamin was born 12 weeks early, weighing 1lb 3oz, little more than a bag of sugar. he suffered five cardiac arrests and was born with a bowel problem. he was put into a paralysed state for six days while doctors tried to save his life. but he has defied the odds and is about to celebrate his first birthday.
shadow cabinet ministers branded industry leaders as '1 per cent' Lord Prescott suggested signatories were 'tax dodgers, tory donors and non doms' - even though several were former labour supporters.
the crackdown comes as california and its nearly 40 million residents move toward a fourth summer of drought with no relief in sight. state reservoirs have a year's worth of water, and with record low snowfall over the winter there won't be much to replenish them. wells in some parts of the state are going dry as groundwater levels fall.
a chocolate bunny worth $64,000 (£33,000) made headlines this week for being the world's most expensive Easter treat. the five kilogram sculpture is made from 75 per cent Tanzania origin chocolate and contains 548,000 calories. australian families will consume 124.3million Easter treats this year over the holiday period.
two long-time friends from canada took their two sets of sons on a journey to the original home of Kentucky Fried Chicken in corbin, Kentucky. the group of six completed the drive in three days crossing two Canadian provinces including Quebec and Ontario. for three of the sons, it was the first time they had tasted KFC.
Tyecka Evans, 28, has been charged with manslaughter in the death of her 3-month-old daughter, Taliya Richardson. the baby was found unresponsive at home in Ocala, florida, last week. initially told police she had dozed off and woke up in the living room to find that her daughter had crawled over a pillow on the floor. but she later admitted that she had left her two children, ages 9 and three months, and her 1-year
the 'euthanasia' of strays was legalised by the Romanian parliament in 2013. but a group of former models called the K-9 angels have rescued hundreds of dogs from the streets and re-homed at least 700 in the uk. they claim government funds for programmes aimed at neutering the animals were never implemented. 'tens of thousands of animals have been caught by dog catchers and killed in most horrific ways', says pola.
researchers in massachusetts believe a person's keystrokes may reveal a huge amount of information about their motor skills. they're working on creating a keyboard that can tell doctors if someone has the neuron impairment, simply by analysing the way they type. algorithm can distinguish between typing done in the middle of the night, when sleep deprivation impairs motor skills, and typing performed when fully rested.
allie dodds alleges her salmon and cauliflower sushi recipe and others were placed in a 2012 edition of Ashy's clean eating recipe book without permission. she said she was 'devastated' to find her work had been taken. the 24-year-old started her own business, sweets and sweat, in september 2013.
the 'tech tote' is a fusion of technology and style. comes with a built in phone/ tablet charger. all profits from the sale of this handbag go to a charity.
former mayor will undergo'very serious' surgery on may 11. four surgeons will carry out the eight- to ten-hour operation. he hopes to return to work as a councilor in September.
towie star joins ukip leader on a boat trip in Grimsby to find out about election. tells reporters only thing he knows about party leader is he is a'reem guy' as stunt takes bizarre twist, ukip leader hails Essex as 'icon of youth' mini-series educating Joey Essex will air later this month.
Cassandra fortin, 17, has been in remission since december after doctors said she had an 85 percent chance of survival with chemo. the state took temporary custody of her after she and her mother, Jackie, argued she did not want chemo despite the risk of dying without them. the state Supreme court ruled against her claim that she was mature enough to make her own medical decisions. on wednesday, superior court judge ruled that she must remain in DCF custody until
fourth sandstorm to hit the north-west of the country this year. visibility was reduced to as little as 30 metres in the city of golmud. the sandstorm was the fourth to hit the area this year.
handwritten note from passenger 'bethanie' shared on twitter. she thanked pilots for 'taking her home safely' in heartfelt note. pilot jai dillon posted it on his twitter account. he said he was happy to share the 'positive message'
sherrell starred alongside white dee on the hit channel 4 series. the single mother-of-two now says she is technically homeless. she has nowhere to live following a mice infestation at her home. she has been given a place in the final of modelling competition.
tatty tarmac site overlooks the golden sands at Rhossili on the gower. voted the UK's number one beach, the third best in Europe and 9th best in the world by tripadvisor. visitors to the tip of the gower peninsula can see the coastline stretch on for miles.
£7.99 ornament snatched from lounge area of the admiral rodney, in Nottingham. landlord received letter demanding a donation to charity for its safe return. £7.99 ornament has already jetted off to Belfast, Benidorm and even Tunisia.
Ethel Rider, 87, was left 'cowering' in pain after falling from her bed. but her carers failed to seek medical help and simply lifted her back into bed. because she is mute, she was unable to tell anyone what had happened. a nurse realised she was in agony and called an ambulance 24 hours later. Susan Logan and her supervisor, Lauren Gillies, both jailed for six months.
Ava Ciach, from geelong in victoria, had her skull removed, smashed into pieces and put back together like a jigsaw puzzle. she had a rare condition known as sagittal synostosis - two plates at the front of her skull had fused together prematurely restricting the growth of her brain. in september last year she underwent complex surgery in which she had her skull removed, smashed into pieces and put back together again.
archive of images showing the evolution of the traditional chocolate treats has been released in time for this year's celebrations. archivists at confectionery giant nestle have assembled the compendium of photographs dating back as far as the 1970s. the tradition of Easter eggs can be traced back to the years following the first world war when eggs were adopted as a symbol of new life and hope.
Marc Wabafiyebazu, 15, has been arrested for felony murder after a gunfight erupted during a drug deal on monday. his brother, Jean, 17, was killed, and his brother's brother, Anthony Rodriguez, was wounded. the boys' mother is Roxanne dubé, the recently appointed Canadian consul general in Miami.
the girl in the spider's web, published worldwide on august 27, will be the fourth installment in the best-selling Millennium crime trilogy. book was completed in November by. David Lagercrantz based on a plot outline left by Larsson before he died of a heart attack in 2004 aged 50.
scientists believe the bizarre network of ridges formed in Mars' wet past billions of years ago above the now eroded, much softer bedrock. the ridges contain both bright and dark material. the dark material that lines the fracture walls reflects an earlier episode of fluid flow than the white, calcium-sulphate-rich veins do.
father Damian maria montes, 29, from madrid, was appearing on the voice. he belted out the 1997 ballad while donning his priest's collar. audience whooped with delight as judges sat wide-eyed in amazement. he claimed he had been singing since he was 16 years old.
fighters from 100 nations have joined militant groups such as al Qaeda and Islamic state, according to a report by the united nations. number of foreign fighters worldwide soared by a staggering 71% between the middle of 2014 and march 2015. report warned if IS was defeated in the war-torn region then the barbarous foreign fighters could be scattered across the world.
in a new tutorial promise turns herself into maleficent. the character is from the upcoming movie of the same name. the mother-of-six has previously made videos as elsa from frozen.
on average, we rest our weary heads on our pillows for more than 2,500 hours — or the equivalent of more than 100 days and nights — per year. the shops are now stuffed with everything from water pillows to scented pillows, and even one which is wired for sound.
a reading university researcher has said that bees prefer cities to fields. the expansion of farmland has actually been damaging to bee population. heaths and meadows near Milton keynes now boast more species of bee than sites in more rural areas. warmer springs can change the life cycles of bees, which can throw them out of sync with the plants they pollinate.
mark dawe, head of the exam board, said pupils would only have a short time to use the search engine during tests. he compared it to using a calculator in a maths exam. said teachers should test how students interpret answers, rather than how they find them. education campaigners say idea would lead to a 'dumbing down of standards'
Alison Hargreaves, 32, was swept to her death in 260mph winds on her descent from the Himalayan mountain in 1995. now her son Tom Ballard, one of the world's most accomplished climbers, plans to conquer K2 himself. he said he saw it as his destiny to follow in his mother's footsteps.
at the age of 42, journalist Robin Rinaldi believed she had accidentally succeeded in conceiving a longed- for child. her response was to demand an open marriage and bed 12 strangers in as many months. her husband, Scott, was adamantly against it from the start.
eight-year-old lotatoa 'lota' ward was diagnosed with a rare brain tumor in October 2014. the boy from layton, utah, has already run several half marathons for charity, raising $1,700 for two friends who suffer from spinal muscular atrophy. he underwent his fourth brain surgery on wednesday, and while his family remains optimistic, the fight is not over yet.
four Roma men and women appeared in a Marseille court today. accused of human trafficking and being involved in several similar 'baby sales' six others are facing related charges in what prosecution described as 'two thousands piece puzzle built around four births'
prince will spend four-weeks with the australian military next week. he will spend time with elite soldiers in Darwin, Perth and Sydney. spokesman for prince said he was excited for a 'challenging and hectic' schedule.
Vijay Chokal-Ingam claims he posed as a black man to get into medical school in the late 1990s because he believed he had a better chance of acceptance.'my sister mindy Kaling, of the mindy project and is everyone hanging out without me?, strongly disapproves of my book,' he wrote. 'the rest of my family does not agree with the book. still, they respect my right to make my own decisions with my career,' he
Typhoon maysak was initially a top-rated category 5 typhoon, causing troops in the Philippines to be put on alert today. as it moved over the Pacific Ocean, the storm generated winds of more than 140mph (225km/h) it is expected to weaken once it hits the central or northern parts of the main Philippine island of Luzon on Saturday or Sunday.
Kim was spotted working on her wedding tan in key biscayne. the 27-year-old artist will marry her long-term partner later this month. the couple will tie the knot at Dunblane cathedral on April 11.
Shahnawaz was returning home from a family function with his two sons on a motorbike when it grazed a car. the driver of the i20 car, identified as Shadab, got into a verbal spat with Shahnawaz. when Shahnawaz expressed his inability to move his bike due to heavy traffic, Shadab, along with Khalid amin, started thrashing him with iron rods. the four other occupants of
justus howell, 17, was shot twice in the back by police in zion, illinois. officers responding to 'an argument' chased him down the street. he was pronounced dead at the scene.
50 per cent of pensioners panicked and sold investments during financial crisis. research carried out by scientists at Texas tech university in texas. those who sold at lowest point eight years ago would only have £63,000. if they had resisted temptation, same pot would be worth £141,000 today.
triathlete Charlotte Roach, 26, from london nearly died in a horror crash. she and business partner rosemary pringle gave up chocolate for 40 days. the pair vowed to fundraise for the charity that saved her life.
the emails that resulted in the firings of two police officers and a court clerk in the city of Ferguson, Missouri were released on Thursday. in seven of the emails, president obama is labelled a monkey, welfare recipients are described as 'lazy' and unable to speak english before being compared to dogs. one email sent by city clerk Mary Ann twitty shows president Ronald Reagan holding a monkey and feeding it a bottle. all three were removed from their jobs after the emails
italian photographer Giovanna Griffo, 42, was in Iceland to capture the Northern lights in all their glory. led a group of her students to vik and hella in the south of Iceland where they were blown away by the storm. Griffo has a particular affinity with the night sky - and locations in her own country too.
the man, from Brent, northwest london, works in the military's post office. he could have had access to names and addresses of all military personnel. it is not clear where or at what level at the moD he worked, a source said. he is one of the parents of the three boys, one aged 19, and two aged 17.
sterling has already fallen nearly five per cent against the us dollar in the past five weeks amid jitters about the outcome of the general election. experts said last night that a badly hung parliament, with neither major party able to form a stable government, would be likely to send to pound plummeting. sell-off could accelerate and spread to the stock and bond markets.
RV FLIP is a 355-foot scientific platform used by the us office for naval research for more than 50 years. it is towed to the location of scientific study, where it turns 90 degrees, leaving just 50 feet above the surface. with 300 feet below the surface, the vessel becomes incredibly stable. instead of bobbing up and down on the waves like a traditional boat, it keeps its position. the vessel can accommodate five crew and up to eleven researchers for up to 30 days.
judge ruled that 49-year-old Lishan Wang should be sent to Connecticut valley hospital for treatment. mental health experts said he displayed 'paranoid thinking' and was 'guarded and suspicious' when discussing a relationship with court-appointed lawyers. Wang is charged with murder in the shooting of Yale university doctor vajinder toor outside his home in 2010. police say the shooting stemmed from a dispute the men had two years earlier while working together at a new york city hospital.
developers at open garden have built a small egg-shaped gadget. called greenstone, it acts like a beacon, or booster, to help messages move around so-called wireless mesh networks more easily. it takes advantage of a feature that launched in apple’s iOS 7. called multipeer connectivity framework (MCF), it lets you send messages and photos even when a person has no signal by creating what is called a wireless mesh network.
the figure represents $1 million for each of the 51 additional years that John Bieniewicz, 44, could have lived, according to the lawsuit. Bieniewicz died after Saad punched him in the head just moments before Saad would have been ejected from a weekend game in Livonia. 'when you commit uncivilized acts in a civilized world there are consequences, even beyond the criminal realm,' said attorney James acho.
developers in Boston have worked with global emergency response teams to create its one-touch-911 app. users can call the police, fire service, report a car crash or seek medical help at the press of a single button. each call is placed with the phone's GPS location, user details and any pre-entered medical information attached. if the user doesn't have signal on their network, the app lets them 'roam' onto another network to connect the call. the app can be used in 1
mark Donaldson is one of the very few to have been awarded the nation's highest military honour, the victoria cross. he claims to have shot the Taliban warlord who had boasted he would kill the royal heir. prince Harry is heading for his final tour of duty in the elite SAS headquarters in Perth, western australia.
Caleb benn, a high school student in california, developed a $4.99 (£3.24) app for iOS devices using Instagram's application program interface. it allows users to upload photos to Instagram directly from their computer. an engineer from facebook, which owns Instagram, sent Benn an email last week claiming the app violated the company's terms of service. the email asked Benn to 'fix' the app by Monday, but Benn said doing this would make the app
New york-based writer Danielle page set out to ask every cabbie she came across to dispense their best piece of relationship advice. the drivers, many of whom are married themselves, revealed their personal tips, life lessons and cultural anecdotes all in the name of love.
friends went to the house in xalo, near benidorm, for a Sunday dinner. found the door open and the couple dead in each other's arms. police believe the couple were murdered in a double murder of 'terrible cruelty'
fire started as a controlled burn in the mojave narrows park between apple valley and victorville in san Bernardino county, california. at its height, 70 acres of land was ablaze and residents were forced to flee their homes. firefighters managed to contain the blaze by late tuesday evening and residents were permitted to return home.
Alan Spencer, 67, was tucking into his dinner when he started choking. he frantically tried to clear his throat and made his way to the door. but he collapsed and felt his life'slipping away' in front of his Labradors. 18-month-old Lexi leaped into action and jumped on to his back. she dislodged the onion and saved her owner's life.
current and former female CIA agents spoke out to the new york times on sunday to renounce depictions of women on TV shows and in movies. the group of women say they are nothing like the honey-pots on these shows who use their sexuality to ensnare terrorists and drown PTSD with booze and pills. 'i wish they wouldn’t use centerfold models in tight clothes. we don’t look that way. and we don’t act that way,' said retired CIA
photographer seth casteel has found a remarkable new way to capture images of babies as they explore the underwater world. his pictures for his new book, underwater babies, reveal adorable babies as they dive down into the deep during their first swimming lesson. kids between one and four have the highest rates of drowning than any group in the nation.
Mike Holpin, 56, has three 48in tvs dotted around his council house. each connected to his three £450 PS4 consoles all funded by his state handouts. his 40 children by 20 women have cost the taxpayer more than £4million. at least 16 of his children were taken off him and their mothers by social services.
two-year-old darcy atkinson died of brain injuries in 2012. he was covered in bruises and had traces of the stimulant Ritalin in his system when he died. the toddler was in the care of his mother's boyfriend Adam Taylor. he was rushed to gosford hospital by paramedics, before being airlifted to westmead children's hospital after throwing up three times and going rigid in the bath. Intensive care unit clinical consultant
italian glamour: the essence of italian fashion, from the postwar years to the present day captures the evolution of Mediterranean style. 300 iconic dresses and archived images show the evolution of italian fashion. book was compiled by two men who established the first flea market in Rome.
police arrested 35-year-old abijath desirekan following the 7.5 hour siege at Riverside quay. he was charged with one count of armed robbery, false imprisonment and assault with a weapon. the 27-year-old female employee held in the restaurant emerged with police shortly afterward.
police in san francisco have discovered the mummified body of an elderly woman in a house said to be owned by a hoarder. the property is said to have been crawling with rats, black widow spiders, dog feces and 300 bottles of urine. residents said the woman had not been seen for years while police described it as the worst case of hoarding they had ever seen.
the facebook page of the so-called disciples of the new dawn has sparked an internet firestorm as thousands of mothers share, and comment on, the group's anti-cesarean memes. the community, led by father Patrick Embry, is using the images to encourage fellow Christians to shame 'lazy' and 'negligent' mothers who have elected to undergo a C-section.
Ukip has seen its support slump from 16.75 per cent in November to just 12.25 per cent today. leader said he expects to recover momentum in run-up to next month's election as key campaign issues are now very much 'back in play' with voters.
Michael Brelo is charged with two counts of voluntary manslaughter. prosecutors say he stood on the hood of a car and fired the final 15 rounds of a 137-shot barrage that killed a pair of unarmed suspects. he is the lone officer among the 13 who fired their weapons that night who is charged criminally. a rookie cop told investigators that the 31-year-old officer talked about it in the days after the shooting.
Alexis tsipras met the Russian president in Moscow yesterday. the pair agreed a package of investment in energy and other projects. but he insisted he had not asked for – or received – financial aid.
the ring, located 12 billion light years away, is an illusion created by the chance alignment of two distant galaxies. gravitational lensing occurs when a massive galaxy or cluster of galaxies bends the light emitted from a more distant galaxy. in this particular case, the galaxy known as SDP.81 and an intervening galaxy line up so perfectly that the light from the more distant one forms a nearly complete circle.
couple were appearing on episode entitled:'my fiancé is a womaniser but is he a cheat?'
police have found the car a teenager was forced into at gunpoint by an ex-partner. relatives of Billy-Anne Huxham, 18, told officers she had been forced into a car outside a caboolture home just after 6am on tuesday. police are desperately searching for the teen and Carl garry chapman, 32, who is believed to be the victim's former boyfriend.
scientists believe the first complex conversation between humans took place around 50,000 to 100,000 years ago. much of it involved cavemen grunting, or hunter-gatherers mumbling and pointing, before learning to speak in a detailed way. but in a new study, one linguist argues that human language likely developed rapidly with people quickly using complex sentences that sound like our own.
Kevin Blandford, 33, from Louisville, won a free trip to the caribbean. but his wife, Bonnie, was unable to join him because she stayed home. each photo shows him pulling the same sad face to prove how much he missed his wife.
man said to be an employee of pizza hut posted sick note on reddit. he shared it with a friend, who posted it under the title'my friends work requires a doctors note if you call in sick' the note has been shared thousands of times online.
Nicola sturgeon has said she is prepared to work with labour to put Ed miliband in number 10 if the tories win more seats. the SNP is projected to win more than 40 seats in scotland at the election.
Sinn Fein president has sparked outrage over comments on us television. he suggested that incidents like Mrs McConville’s murder happened ‘in every single conflict’. last year Mr Adams was arrested by police investigating Mrs McConville’s murder. he denied any involvement and was released without charge.
a university of Nebraska researcher has revealed why stress is bad for you in a video. limited periods of stress are good, as they release the hormone cortisol. this is useful in helping you recover from very tense situations. but too much will lower your immune system and make your bones fragile. this is because cortisol puts more glucose into your bloodstream so that when the adrenaline is gone you don’t crash.
goldfish are being caught weighing up to 2kg and koi carp up to 8kg and one metre in length, in the waterways of western australia. the native fish in the region, such as the pygmy perch, are only up to 10cm. introduced species are also bringing exotic parasites and disease with them.
animal liberation activists broke into Wagner's poultry farm in coldstream, victoria in march. they found deformed, sick and dying hens, filthy conditions and dangerous working conditions. the owner of the 6000-bird farm has denied claims that the animals were not being cared for properly.
prime minister vowed to 'do more' to respond to concerns about immigration. warned it is 'not the time to send a message or make a protest' admits he understands 'frustrations' of those who have left the tories. latest polls have put the tories and labour virtually neck and neck.
twitter users have taken to the social media site to voice their frustrations. use the hashtag #realisticYA to compare fictional lives with real life. some joke that YA heroines suffer from adolescent ailments such as acne. others look at dangerous scenarios and what would be likely to happen.
Kyle Kandrick was suspended from the maaco auto body shop in Hagerstown, Maryland. co-owner Ella may Rudd posted the voicemail on facebook. she had been trying to repair a leak on her Hummer H2 at the shop. in the voicemail, Kandrick said: 'i was just personally attacked by your wife on facebook, and I don't appreciate it at all, pal'
the first phase of Disney's Polynesian villas & bungalows has just been unveiled at the resort in Orlando, florida. the overwater bungalows are a first for the resort, boasting two bedrooms, two bathrooms, a full kitchen and a plunge pool. each bungalow sleeps up to eight people and offers a view of both the theme park and the lagoon. the resort is a quick monorail ride away from the theme park and also conveniently located close by to Disney's poly
Boris Johnson launches the tory campaign in north london. claims labour leader is 'hostile' to people who want to own their own home. claims he wants to embark on an 'orgy of regulation and state socialism' claims ukip wants to turn clock back to 1950s while greens want bronze age.
angela postle stumbled upon the strange phenomenon after slicing some oranges she bought from a local supermarket. she sent the fruit to the health authorities for testing but their first round of scientific tests were to no avail. 'we need answers because this could be a more widespread problem,' she said.
poll of FTSE 100 chairman reveals overwhelming support for david cameron. more than 100 company bosses signed a letter warning against a labour government. it is a further blow to labour which is struggling to repair relationship with big business after a series of controversial policy announcements.
Kira Hollis was diagnosed with borderline personality disorder three years ago. she weighed just 6st at the time and was deemed clinically underweight. doctors ordered her to go to the gym in a bid to gain some weight. there, she turned her life around and is now a healthy 9.5st. says bodybuilding changed her life and gave her the confidence.
Robert dellinger, 54, was sentenced on Thursday to two four-and-a-half to ten year sentences that are to be served consecutively. prosecutors claimed he deliberately drove his vehicle head-on into the couple's car because he was depressed and wanted to kill himself. he pleaded guilty in february to negligent homicide for the deaths of the couple, who were from wilder, Vermont, and to assault for the death of the fetus.
prime minister insists coalition has spent five years 'trying to lift people up'. 'just because some people disagree with our policies, does not mean those policies are missing in moral content,’ he insisted. intervention came as senior tory, chief whip, michael gove, claimed Christians in britain were being dismissed with condescension and suspicion.
dozens of items from the entertainer's estate will go under the hammer. he died of a heart attack in 2012 at the age of 66. items include stage costumes and a pair of record awards.
former bomb disposal expert lost 16st after the operation 14 months ago. the 56-year-old said he decided to go through with the operation after hitting 32st. the father-of-three said it was a 'life changing and life threatening decision'
a kiwi couple has bought a $1.5 million house for just $125,000. it was put on the market by its former owners with a $1 reserve. new owners Donald and Jenny gibbs said the deal was too good to pass up at its drastically reduced price.
three stylists from australia have made the top 10 in hr's 'power stylist for 2015' list. among them is former fashion editor for women's wear daily and the new york times. cate blanchett, margot robbie and jennifer aniston all made the top 10.
former soldier, 28, was killed in a clash with the ypg in syria in february. his mother, Amanda, had no idea her son was fighting in the middle east. 'he put his life on the line to stand up for what is good, for what is just, to protect and defend not just innocent people caught up in this war' she said.
the four-day long weekend will be extended by an hour when clocks go back an hour at 3am on Sunday. the time change affects all states except Queensland, the northern territory and western australia, where daylight saving is not observed. Changing the clock is also a reminder for people to change their smoke alarm batteries, fire services around australia say.
man shot himself in secluded area of the theme park in Hollywood, california. police say he was stalking his estranged ex-girlfriend, who works in a restaurant. last week he was escorted off premises after vandalizing ex-girlfriend's car. but despite court orders banning him, he was spotted at 2.15pm. he was standing in smoking area behind Despicable me minion mayhem ride.
mother and child were stranded in their car in high water around 9:30 a.m. friday on a rural highway in eastern Kentucky. around 11:30 a.m., the car was swept away and rescue workers lost sight of them. authorities in Louisville, Kentucky, made more than 100 water rescues early Friday as a severe storm's persistent downpour flooded roads.
at least 55 carcasses were found in the coonarr area, near bundaberg. a joint RSPCA and Queensland police taskforce is now investigating. it's understood the dogs were killed before a four corners special. the expose exposed the horrors of the greyhound racing industry.
big cat was seen at Kruger national park in south africa attempting to tackle the hefty mammal. lion leaps on to the hippo in a ferocious display of power and tries to take a bite out of its back. but it is chased away by the infant's angry mother and left hungry and with dented pride.
Stephanie fragoso was cited on Wednesday, April Fools' day, after she was stopped in Las Vegas by a Nevada highway patrol trooper. the ticket caused her to receive points against her driving record. the crackdown is part of a campaign to have zero driving fatalities in 2015.
stock market returns have averaged 16 per cent a year under the tories. compared with just under 9 per cent under labour and just over 9 per cent under the current coalition.
penthouse suite at the west hollywood hotel will cost $25,000 (almost £17,000) a night. suite includes a king-sized four poster bed, with cushions and a tapestry designed by Vivienne westwood. guests will receive his and her gift bags upon arrival.
a poll of 2,000 women in their 30s, 40s and 50s discovered almost half were still being blighted with blemishes well into adulthood. one in three women said they even shy away from talking to people because they are so self-conscious about the state of their skin. the superdrug range, Clearly youthful, starts at £5.99 and it is believed the range is the first of its kind on the high street.
water police have been called in to help with the search of a missing autistic boy. Luke Shambrook has been missing for two nights in a national park. he is 'fascinated' by water but can not swim, according to his family. the 11-year-old was last seen leaving Candlebark campground at 9.30am on good Friday. it is understood he wandered off and has not been seen since.
the final chapter of the saga is due out at the end of the year. the twilight saga grossed $3.3 billion over five films from 2008. there are six superstars around that can command a major opening.
Choupette is the moody french sensation taking the modelling world by storm. last year she clawed in over £2 million in fees, outstripping cara delevingne. but she is a three-year-old Birman cat and the pride, joy, and disturbing obsession, of designer Karl Lagerfeld.
hugo mbaeri, 25, from Portsmouth, denies fraud by abuse of position and conspiracy to commit fraud at the old Bailey. he allegedly handed over customer names, account details and signatures to a gang of fraudsters while he was working at nationwide building society. alleged ringleader of the scheme, who is not before the court, set up standing orders by impersonating the victims, it is said.
Bentley design chief Luc donckerwolke apparently thought the new Lincoln Continental shared too many similarities with the Bentley Flying Spur. the side windows of the vehicles look similar and both models have chrome trim around their windows and rears. donckerwolke added: 'This behavior is not respectable. 'Building a copy like this is giving a bad name to the car design world'
huge land mass is 1.5 square miles (four square kilometres) in size. it was created by dumping sand on coral reefs, possibly damaging ecosystems. five islands have already been made, with two more in development. experts have told mailonline that the activities could be hugely damaging to local ecosystems.
Erica Ann Ginnetti, 35, pleaded guilty in december to institutional sexual assault and disseminating sexually explicit materials to a minor. she had been facing seven to 14 years in prison, but on friday judge Garrett page sentenced her to 3-23 months, including 30 days in jail and the next 60 on house arrest. she also faces three years’ probation, 100 hours of community service and will have to register as a sex offender for the next 25 years.
campaign chiefs attempted to rebuff a letter from 100 business leaders. the signatories warned about the 'proliferation of zero-hours contracts' but within hours the plan was in chaos as it was found the signatories included a benefit fraudster, trade unionists and the cigar-smoking children of millionaires.
the mercury is set to rise steadily until friday, when southern parts of england are forecast to hit 21c (70f) or higher. that would be the hottest this year so far - and would put many holiday resorts in the shade. forecasters say a band of high pressure will keep conditions settled until late on friday, when showers could return.
Derek lowe, 38, and Tina lowe, 33, were struck shortly before 10am on Sunday in Durham by a train heading north. authorities say none of the 166 passengers on the train were injured. a man who fell ill during the delay did receive treatment.
around 75 people were inside the Korean union united Methodist church in Rahway when the ceiling collapsed. thirteen people had minor injuries while one woman was sent to the trauma center at university hospital with a serious but non-life threatening head injury. the cause of the collapse is currently being investigated.
Cody has Down's syndrome, epilepsy, autism and is fed by tube. hospital does not have the specialist high-sided cot he needs to sleep in. mother, 48, has slept on the floor alongside her son for the past week. she fears he will injure himself or pull out his oxygen in the night. she has waited two years for the high-sided bed needed for disabled children.
Indiana lawmakers unveiled this morning an amendment its already-in-effect law clarifying that no one will 'be able to discriminate against anyone at any time' the Arkansas legislature was also poised to pass changes to its legislation after the state's Republican governor asa Hutchinson rejected its bill at the last minute on Wednesday. the moves had the direct effect of upsetting gay and lesbian individuals, however, and incited massive protests.
more than 127,000 people have signed petition calling for 96-year-old to stay. his son describes move as 'like going back into a prisoner of war camp' council insists he cannot be treated as a special case despite war record.
Martin vargic used satellite data to chart how constellations have changed. he estimated how constellations will change between 50,000 BC and 100,000ce. results suggest that many of the most distinctive constellations will become almost unrecognisable in the future.
hernando rivera cervantes took the pictures as the colima volcano in mexico erupted into a plume of ash and lava. he spent eight hours watching the volcano as it threw ash up to 1.8 miles (three kilometres) into the atmosphere. blots of lightning are thought to occur due to the build up of electric charge in the ash cloud as particles rub against each other.
vicars say the system is open to abuse and many oversubscribed schools reject non-churchgoing families even though they may live nearby. many Christian schools give priority to families who regularly attend services. affluent parents more likely to cheat the system by going to church just to get their children into a C of E school.
asteroid impact mission, or aim, will take place in two parts. lander will crash into asteroid's moon at 14,000mph. experts hope impact will be large enough to alter orbit.
woman, 19, was changing in cubicle in aqua vale swimming pool, buckinghamshire. kicked man and he disappeared after she noticed he was looking at her. police are appealing for anyone who recognises the man to contact them.
traditional Chinese medicine (TCM) claims all manner of ailments including back ache, poor memory and even cancer can be cured by the natural world. it is often believed that the more endangered the animal is, the greater the healing affect it will have. the pursuit of these traditions is the driving force behind the $20 billion (£13bn) illegal wildlife network.
liquid is called shear-thickening fluid (stf) and instantly hardens upon impact. in a 'liquid armour' this provides protection from penetration by high-speed projectiles and additionally dispersing energy over a larger area. the exact composition of the liquid is known only to moratex.
Paul Childs revealed he was infected after routine test in 2011. he said he was infuriated by farage's'scaremongering' over foreigners with virus. lib dem air steward said he burst into tears when he was diagnosed.
Hayley Okines suffered from the rare disease progeria which ages the body at eight times the normal rate. there are around 74 known cases of the disease around the world and only four in the uk. a 10 year old progeria child will have the appearance of an octogenarian with symptoms including baldness, arthritis and heart problems, but the mind of a 10 year old.
the 23-year-old driver and his two adult passengers managed to escape unharmed. the men told police they were driving along partridge road at 4.30am on Friday when they collided with a taxi at a roundabout. the taxi driver fled the scene and officers are now appealing for the driver to come forward.
naturopathic doctor, dr Lara briden, says PMS isn't inevitable. she advises women to eat an anti-inflammatory diet before their period. she says this will help reduce the inflammatory response in the body.
nursing student was driving around Detroit, michigan, on monday night. pulled over because he reportedly had illegally tinted windows. the 24-year-old was handcuffed, despite complaining he had trouble breathing. he suffered a fatal heart attack and father is planning to sue police.
pupils at riverview junior school in gravesend told to slow down. parents say children need to 'let off steam' during breaks and get exercise. school claims ban is to tackle dangerous 'chasing' game.
sensors at argentina's. Esperanza base on the northern tip of the Antarctic Peninsula recorded a temperature of 17.5°C (63.5°F) this is potentially a new record for the warmest temperature measured on the frozen continent. over a two day period last week temperatures reached 17.4°C (63.3°F) and 17.5°C (63.5°F)
Brian gemmell said MI5 spy chiefs ordered him to'stop digging' he spoke out during a meeting with victim Richard Kerr. he claimed he was one of three youngsters trafficked from the home.
Julie merner, 39, has been admitted to hospital 13 times in the last six years. mother-of-three, who suffers severe liver cirrhosis, has vowed to quit the habit. hasn't touched a drop of alcohol since January - her longest spell of abstinence.
a 71-year-old man and 64-year-old woman were charged with unlawfully possessing a firearm after a police search found a rifle and ammunition in a home in bundaberg on Thursday. grisly photos show the decomposed bodies and burnt out skeletons of the greyhounds. the site is thought to be a common dumping ground for unwanted racing greyhounds. the couple, both from bundaberg, will appear in the bundaberg Magi
Dylan Miller, a senior at Juniata college, in huntingdon, Pennsylvania, decided for his senior project that he would live in a hut. with no plumbing or electricity, Miller has spent the last eight months studying by lantern and chasing away the occasional bear. he hopes living in his nine-foot-tall, 17-by-17ft hut will teach him about living simply, away from the luxuries of the present day.
values rose by 5.8 per cent in the last quarter bringing the average median house price to $690,000. it comes after the reserve bank cut official interest rates to 2.25 per cent in February, leading to a weekly 80 per cent auction clearance rate. it's thus no surprise to see properties across the capital city sell for well over the $1 million mark.
one of two teenagers feared to have crossed into Syria to join Isis. believed to be a relative of Hammaad munshi, who was just 15 when he joined a cell of Islamic fanatics targeting the royal family. the pair from dewsbury, west Yorkshire, have not been in contact with their families for several days.
in britain alone more than 90 million eggs are consumed every year. this year traditional Easter eggs have undergone a dramatic makeover. here is a selection of the most unusual eggs you can try this Easter.
LED screens can harm the retina - the light-sensitive layer at the back of the eye. in extreme cases, it may lead to macular degeneration, which causes dark patches to appear in the centre of the field of vision. children and the elderly are most at risk, as are 'digital workers' and those - like me - who are especially sensitive to blue light.
after nine months of exploratory drilling, group of companies found oil and gas. bonanza will add to fears of renewed conflict over the British overseas territory. discovery comes amid worsening relations with Buenos aires. comes exactly 33 years after argentina invaded the islands.
legendary gossip writer and columnist Liz Smith is spilling celebrity secrets that she never printed over the course of her 70 year career. the 92-year-old claims that IAC chairman Barry Diller asked her in 1992: 'Do you think I should come out?' but that he 'worships' his wife, fashion designer Diane von furstenberg.
Kyle Patrick Loughlin, 21, was arrested on Tuesday night after reportedly admitting that he'd molested two boys aged between four and five. police then proceeded to search Loughlin's dorm room where they found more than 100 pairs of children's underwear and diapers. despite his admittance, Loughlin pleaded 'not guilty' in court on Friday to counts of raping a child and aggravated indecent assault and battery
freezer trawler carrying an international crew of 132 sank in the sea of Okhotsk. massive rescue operation involving more than 1,300 people is now underway. ship was unstable because of empty fuel tanks and a lack of ballast. trawler tipped over when a fishing net weighing 80 tons was pulled in.
professional wrestler Robert Abercrombie tied his son's tooth to his car. he revved up the engine of his red Chevrolet Camero before powering forward. after the car stops, eight-year-old boy can be seen running up to the camera. he exclaims excitedly: 'it came out!' in the viral video.
Duncan hodgetts, 25, fell from a 14th floor window at executive pla building. he was found on a third-floor balcony of nearby Michelangelo hotel. a spokesman for the new york police department said they were treating his death as suicide.
Hakeem kuta, 17, plunged six stories from the roof of a six-story building in the Bronx on Thursday night. police were responding to complaints of a group of teens smoking marijuana and loitering in the lobby of the building. when officers got to the roof, some teens jumped and ran away, however, kuta and his 14-year-old companion were pinned in by a dividing wall. he was taken to hospital where he died around 11am
long-running motoring show took up first, second, third and fifth spots. figures come a week after Jeremy Clarkson was dismissed from the BBC.
Keonna Thomas, 30, was arrested in Philadelphia on charges she tried to join and martyr herself for the Islamic state group. she was preparing to travel overseas to fight with the terror group, but instead was arrested at her home. authorities said that she communicated with an Islamic state group fighter in Syria who asked if she wanted to be part of a martyrdom operation. she appeared in court this afternoon dressed entirely in black, with just her eyes showing, and will remain in custody until her next appearance on April 8.
identical twins, Marcus and markieff, play for the Phoenix suns in the NBA. they are being investigated for allegedly teaming up to assault their former mentor, 36-year-old former basketball player, Erik Hood. Hood told police he sent a text telling the twins' mother, Thomasine, he'd 'always be there for her' and that another friend, Julius Kane, 25, saw the message and concluded their relationship was sexual in nature.
deathwatch beetles are burrowing in to the castle's timber frames. a £5 million battle plan has been launched to repel the wood-boring insects. castle towers above the town of Hay-on-wye on the Welsh border.
Brandon afoa, 33, of puyallup, was operating a tug to push aircraft at sea-tacoma international airport when the brakes and steering failed. he crashed into a luggage lift, leaving him unable to use his legs or right arm. afoa went on to sue port of Seattle, saying the company failed to maintain a safe workplace. on tuesday a jury awarded him $40 million because of what the incident has done to his life
baby malakai has been diagnosed with a rare medical condition known as pallister killian syndrome (PKS) his mother had to give up her job in order to care for her son full-time. the 28-year-old has been forced to survive on welfare funding of $90 a week to support her baby and her seven-year-old daughter. about 15 to 20 cases of PKS are known to be in australia.
Keith Cameron, 54, scammed friend and neighbour out of £476,864 in elaborate ruse. he promised world-famous lighting architect a £2million return in two years. but it was all an elaborate lie and he was today jailed for five years. Jonathan's family are now facing the prospect of selling their home.
Mark Doggett has trained his two dogs to sniff out the destructive fungus. four-year-old border collie meg and 22-month-old spaniel jess went to work. when they find dry rot they stop, stare at it and point with their nose.
thousands of bacteria colonies were discovered on banknotes and coins. money was collected from students at the university of Surrey. it was then submerged in agar - a substance that allows bacteria to grow quickly - and then monitored for three to four days. while most of the colourful blooms and spots of bacteria was found to be harmless, money has been known to carry dangerous diseases. one ten pound note yielded Bacillus mycoides, which is common in soil.
former fortune 500 executive, 54, admitted causing the crash in new hampshire in december 2013. he smashed into an SUV carrying 24-year-old Amanda Murphy, who was 8 months pregnant, and her fiance, 29-year-old Jason Timmons. 'i have been robbed and violated. i will never see or touch my child ever again,' Timmons' mother, Debbie Blanchard, said as she fought back tears.'my guilt and
no one in britain lives as much as 70 miles from the sea. our coastline of 10,800 miles is longer than india’s. people are drawn back to the sea in their retirement, staring once more and feeling as they did as children.
a couple from texas who celebrated their wedding in 2012 claim their photographer wrote hurtful racial slurs on the bottom of photo booth snapshots. the couple hired attorney Cathy Hale to sue the owner of premiere photos for allegedly providing a photo booth that printed, 'poor n***** party' on the bottom of the pictures. the couple wasn't alerted of the photos until many months after the celebration when the bride's sister told the family about the racist incident
gangs of up to six follow wealthy shoppers in the west end before stealing. one bag they were carrying contained €130,000 and £20,000 as well as gold. pickpockets arrive in the uk on a six-month visa before heading off on a 'european tour'
self-styled ‘angry leftie revolutionary and magician’ gareth shoulder, from Liverpool, has been recruited by BBC to comment on election. 24-year-old used his ‘@bbcgen2015’ twitter page to make disparaging remark about Mr Cameron and Ivan, who died aged six in 2009 after being born with cerebral palsy and epilepsy.
a new report claims he embellished his stories because he felt insecure following in the footsteps of his predecessor at NBC. the network handed him a six-month suspension in february after he acknowledged he had lied about being on board a helicopter that came under fire. but according to a report in Vanity fair, Williams started exaggerating his stories because he felt insecure about Brokaw. 'i always felt he needed to jack up his stories because
at 177 calories, a crème egg will take 19 minutes of skipping to burn off. a large Lindt bunny containing 540 calories will take an hour of rowing. a kit kat chocolate bar contains 24 teaspoons of sugar at 95.5g.
the 'world's largest sperm bank' is moving its offices from new york to the central Florida research park in Orlando, right next to the university of central florida. the decision is in part due to the better facilities on offer, but it is also due to the 'intense competition for donors' in new york. the new site is also across the street from a campus of the florida technical college, down the street from Valencia college, and across town from seminole state college.
Zaur dadaev is accused of being involved in the shooting of the politician. he has now told a court he was beaten and pressured into confessing. Dadaev is one of five men accused of killing the opposition leader.
the bust was spearheaded by a male narcotics officer, who posed as a high school senior between august 2014 and march 2015. the two schools hit in this operation were pearland high school and Dawson high school. police have not released any further information on the undercover officer or his age, but say it is not the first time they have performed something like this.
non-dom status allows people living and working in britain to only pay tax on their UK income, but not earnings from overseas. they must prove that they regard a foreign country as their real home. but labour leader says non-dom tests 'are not very rigorous' and can be granted to people who have burial plot or property abroad.
the two-year-old grey tabby disappeared from his crate at jfk airport. his crate was tied down to a metal pallet and cracked open. he has been missing for almost a week.
Nasa has selected companies to work on projects to create advanced space technologies, including faster methods of propulsion. one of the companies in the 12 next space technologies for exploration partnerships (nextstep) says they have an engine that could get humans to mars in just 39 days. the engine uses plasma as a propellant and could drastically reduce the journey time to Mars from months to weeks. it is being developed by the texas-based company, the ad astra rocket company. over three years, Nasa
the film has established a new high-water mark for the month of. April, blowing past the $95 million debut of captain america:. the winter soldier. now stands as the highest-grossing opening for any film in the fast and furious franchise, and ranks. ninth among the top ten openings in history.
idea of having another referendum ranked 19th on a list of 23 policies. it comes after Nicola. sturgeon refused to rule out staging a second independence vote if the. SNP wins the 2016 Holyrood elections. she said it was 'another matter' whether a vote for her party in the 2016 elections would bring about a second vote on independence.
rumours of a near-mutiny among corrie's actors led bosses to revise ban. actress Katy cavanagh has been the voice behind many ad campaigns. bosses reportedly disgruntled that she was lending her voice to a rival station.
the bear was hunting salmon in the Brooks river, which runs through the Katmai national park, in southern Alaska. however, the dozy creature was unable to take advantage of his good fortune, letting the juicy fish slip away.
great-grandmother misao okawa, 117, died of heart failure on April 1. celebrated her 117th birthday on march 5, where she said her life had seemed 'rather short' when asked the secret to long life, she said: 'i wonder about that too'
close friend of the couple tells magazine that she 'panics' if she sees Kieran 'hanging around any women''she's scared he's going to run off with them,' he said. he cheated on the former glamour model with two of her best friends.
Zhou qunfei, 45, was born into extreme poverty in rural china. her father was nearly blinded in an industrial accident, and her mother died when she was just five years old. she left home as a teenager to work in a glass-processing factory in shenzhen, where she was put to work shaping glass for watches. fed up with her monotonous job, she handed in her resignation after three months. bosses at the factory promoted her to head up a new department
seal culls take place during the animals' breeding season - meaning that some cubs are being left to fend for themselves when their mothers are shot dead. farmers say the seal killings are essential to stop the animals from destroying fish stocks off the coast of northern england. but campaigners insist there are more humane methods of protecting fish.
Kevin Franklin, 53, put the lights up on his council house last November. he didn't take them down in January because he wanted to switch them on again. the continued presence of the lights in recent weeks has angered some neighbours.
Deputy prime minister is trailing labour by 2 per cent in his constituency. he won his seat in 2010 by a huge margin – scooping up more than 50 per cent of the vote. a poll by the tory peer Lord ashcroft shows 36 per cent of voters in Sheffield Hallam are now planning to vote for labour opponent Oliver coppard.
the Colombian-born model removed the wrong price tag during Thursday's show. she broke down in tears and 'wanted to go in a wormhole and disappear' producer decided not to punish her and said it was 'funniest thing ever'
Joshua Smith, 16, fell from a cliff and plunged into the sea in northumberland. he was pulled from the water by the crew of an RAF rescue helicopter and flown to hospital, where he was later pronounced dead. police have said that the teen's death is not being treated as suspicious.
longleat safari park is not putting bubble wrap around visitors' cars. meanwhile, leaning tower of pisa is becoming a luxury hotel. manchester united team picked using power of astrology.
the plan was revealed in an email sent out to YouTube partners. it will offer consumers the choice to pay for an 'ads-free' version of YouTube for a monthly fee.
the state of Oregon on friday released 94,000 emails involving the fiancee of former governor John kitzhaber. the emails show the very active role that Cylvia Hayes, Kitzhaber's longtime companion, played in his administration. Hayes routinely attended meetings, was copied on emails among senior staff and requested information or clerical assistance from state employees. kitzhaber resigned in february amid allegations that the former first lady used her relationship with him to land contracts
Marian Carole rees was 13 when she disappeared from hillsdale in 1975. she told a friend that she had forgotten something and jumped off bus. teenager often talked of running away from home and said goodbye to brother. inquest found there was no evidence suggesting suicide.
prize porker, known as Pigwig, had fallen into the pool in Hampshire. owners had been taking him for a walk when he plunged into the water. fire crews had to use slide boards and strops to haul the pig from pool.
ten-man saints beat blackburn 2-1 in the premier league u21 cup. the game ended 1-1 after 180 minutes at stamford bridge on monday. but a brilliant winner in extra time gave the hosts the win.
Becca and Dale litchfield, from gotham, wanted to have a family. but their savings would only cover the cost of a wedding or fertility treatment. they decided to forsake their dream wedding in order to have one last shot. weeks later they won a wedding competition and got married. they have since welcomed twins, darci-Mai and Stanley.
president Barack Obama's spokesman refused to give reporters an update on the status of the meetings or scheduling. but he confirmed that 'the sense that we have is yes, that the talks continue to be productive and that progress is being made' speculation was swirling on Wednesday afternoon that representatives from the six countries, including the u.s., were on the verge of making a deal as french foreign minister Laurent Fabius rushed back to Lausanne.
newlyweds submitted plans to improve £10m grade-ii listed mansion. home cinema is now an 'expected' luxury in properties worth over £10m. home cinemas are often situated in basements as there is no natural light.
millie Elia, an eighth-grade student from oak mountain, died on saturday after plunging 60 feet while rappelling in mount cheaha state park. the teenager had been rappelling with her family and a friend when she fell. the park refused to release any further details when contacted by dailymail.com on Monday.
one-year-old Noah reached out for a hug with the prince of Wales. the prince was visiting the Rheged centre in cumbria. he was making his first stop on a day-long tour of the county. the prince is grandfather to 20-month-old prince George.
a total of 215,462 licences exist in new south wales compared to the 177,675 owned in 2010. Tamworth, 403km north of Sydney, was revealed to have the most number of licences - 3259 - with bathurst, 200km west of Sydney, a close second at 3075. detective superintendent Mick Plotecki said the united state's popular national gun laws and pop culture was likely to be driving the increase.
'my love affair with food' features over 40 recipes and personal photos. the media personality has chosen not to buy into the 'diet/health cookbook' trend. 'there's enough health books out there, I'm not about to do one,' she says.
twitter has officially rolled out its ‘retweet with comment’ feature. the new tool lets users embed tweets within their own messages. wordsmiths get an extra 116 characters to comment on a tweet. the feature is available on twitter’s website and the iphone app. it will roll out to android handsets soon.
Ian Guffick asked pupils to make changes to national curriculum tests. this was despite the exam session finishing, a conduct panel heard. the 31-year-old also altered a number of the pupil's exam answers himself. school officials were tipped off and an investigation was launched. the probe led to the department for education annulling results.
Boeing has filed a patent for a 'transport vehicle upright sleep support system' the 'cuddle chair' looks like a backpack and fastens to the back of the headrest. the head cushion will have a 'face relief aperture,' which is essentially a face-front pillow with a hole for breathing, and a chest cushion will provide added support.
parents are using social media to post obscenities, threats and sexually explicit insults. survey of 1,500 teachers found 30 per cent have suffered online abuse. 40 per cent of all reported online insults this year compared to just 27 per cent last year.
beatrice nokes, 21, faces claims she incited a ring of prostitutes. she is accused of running the vice ring in the capital last year with 37-year-old met police officer Daniel Williams. he faces several further offences including voyeurism and hiding the profits of their activities in socks stuffed up the chimney of his home.
in southern germany, hundreds braved the snow for a traditional procession on horseback. in male trapkany, slovakia, men threw buckets of water at women. a similar tradition takes place in Hungary, where women give men eggs.
Natalie's '100 bodies Across america' project sees painted individuals blended into tourist hotspots, forests and ruins. each work takes between 45 minutes and three hours to complete, with her subjects wearing only underwear whilst being painted.
Claudetteia love, 17, said she and her friends would not go to Carroll high school's prom in Monroe, la, because she was told she had to wear a dress. comments sparked outpouring of support from across the country. classmates signed petition to persuade the school to change its mind. but now, principal Patrick Taylor and Monroe city school board president rodney mcfarland have reportedly told the student that she can wear a tuxedo
the company says it expects the new 'artisan grilled chicken' to be in its more than 14,300 u.s. stores by the end of next week. the biggest change is the removal of sodium phosphates, which it said was used to keep the chicken moist, in favor of vegetable starch. the new recipe also does not use maltodextrin, which is generally used as a sugar to increase browning or as a carrier for seasoning.
'i believe we are going to have strong indications of life beyond Earth in the next decade and definitive evidence in the next 10 to 20 years,' said chief scientist for Nasa. the announcement has been prompted by the recent discovery of water by Nasa in surprising places.
labour leader vowed to end casual employment contracts that 'undermine living standards and family life' but his crackdown backfired spectacularly as he forgot labour use them. 68 labour MPs had also signed up researchers and other staff.
small time drug dealer Rudy Guede, 29, is serving a 16-year sentence. his DNA was found all over the bedroom where miss Kercher was found. she was found half-naked with her throat slit in 2007.
James Robarge, 45, of Saxtons river, vt was sentenced in court on friday morning for second-degree murder in the death of his wife, 42-year-old Kelly Robarge. the judge said he took into account the extent to which Robarge went to conceal his wife's killing and body, as well as the couple's history of domestic violence. in the statement read by his lawyer on Friday, he told his daughters, 'i love you guys more than life itself
a typical heterosexual couple was now having sex three times a month. this was compared to four times a month in 2000 and five times a month in 1990. this is according to research published in a new book, sex by numbers.
Louis Lordan released a three-paragraph statement on Monday in whcih he said he stayed inside the cabin to keep dry and avoid sun, wind, waves and sea spray during his ordeal. he also said he set up a makeshift mast with a small sail to get the boat headed in a westward direction.
protesters opposing the construction of a $1.4billion telescope on a mountain in Hawaii they consider to be sacred were arrested after blocking a road leading to the site. police arrested 12 protesters when they tried to block trucks heading to the peak of Mauna Kea where one of the world's largest telescopes is being built. while the Native Hawaiian groups do not oppose the Thirty Meter Telescope itself, they disagree with the location of the construction. about 300 people took part in the demonstration and those who
video of 26-year-old woman being led away in handcuffs has gone viral. she claims she was sunbathing on a beach reserved for paying foreigners. friends say she was arrested when she refused to pay a £70 fine. the mamitas beach in playa del Carmen is popular with tourists.
lingerie model and animal rights activist Sarah stage, 30, has been documenting her changing pregnancy body online. the l.a. resident has been outcry from critics who claim that her incredibly trim and toned physique could be harming her unborn child. but she hasn't let it stop her from continuing to flaunt her physique online with a new snap.
Ronda Blaylock was just 14-years-old in 1980 when she was found stabbed to death and brutally assaulted in rural hall, north carolina. her partially clothed body was found three days later in a heavily wooded area almost 20 miles away from the bowling alley parking lot where she and a friend had hitched a ride. the man who gave her a ride home that day was never found.
the 30-year-old was deemed fit to stand trial in November following psychiatric tests. former banker faces life in prison if he is convicted of the murder charges. mutilated bodies of two young women found in his upmarket flat in november.
Diane McLean, 58, and her three children lost 'everything but their lives' in the east village apartment fire last week. she and daughter rose, 8, and twins james and annabelle, 5, had nothing more than the clothes on their backs. a gofundme account has raised more than $87,000 for the family. investigators believe an illegally tapped gas line may have been the cause of the fire.
rodrigo alves, 31, from london, has undergone 30 body-changing operations. he has had four rhinoplasties, liposuction and six-pack implants. the 31-year-old flight attendant is set to appear on the new season of botched.
all 36 units at the redlands house sheltered accommodation have been given the treatment which has been labelled an 'eyesore' pensioner, 76, said residents think the property looks'more like a children's playscheme than sheltered accommodation' council defended the colour scheme, claiming it will help residents with poor eyesight find their way home.
Jordan Sim-Mutch posted pictures of stolen money and drugs on facebook. career criminal claimed he worked in'midnight removals' in online profile. he was part of an armed gang responsible for 29 robberies and burglaries.
crystal and Kevin O'Connor own the pizzeria in the small town of Walkerton, indiana. on tuesday, they told a local news station they would refuse to cater a gay wedding. the comments sparked fierce debate and the pizzeria has now closed its doors. a contributor from Glenn Beck's the Blaze has set up a gofundme page to help 'the family stave off the burdensome cost of having the media parked out front,
ambra battilana, 22, told police Weinstein asked her for a kiss and then groped her during a 'business meeting' at his tribeca office in Manhattan on friday. the next day she snapped a picture of her matinee ticket to a preview showing of finding neverland, which Weinstein is producing. a movie industry source said Weinstein gave Battilana two $227 sixth-row-center-seat tickets during their Friday night meeting and told her
American Eagle flight 2536 was scheduled to fly about 125 miles from Dallas-fort worth international airport to wichita falls, texas, on Sunday night. the plane left nearly a half-hour late, and when it got to the city, the pilot told passengers that the runway lights were turned off and there was nobody at the airport to turn them on. airport officials first said that the Eagle pilot had the wrong radio frequency to turn on the lights on the main, 13,000-foot runway.
Rosetta dipped to within nine miles (14km) of the surface on saturday. but during the flyby, the spacecraft lost sense of where it was due to the amount of dust and gas and was placed into ‘safe mode’. this caused it to momentarily lose contact with Earth. the problems arose due to Rosetta’s limited vision owing to the amount of material it was flying through.
Charlotte Cobbald, 17, was visiting the family farm in acton, Suffolk. she was on day release from a mental health unit where she was treated for anorexia and depression, an inquest heard. she told her father she felt like a 'failure' and went over to a fridge full of medication and injected herself with the drug. she collapsed in a field and her family called 999. paramedics fought to save her but she died from the effects of
labour scrambled to shore up support after it emerged dozens of Labour councils and MPs employ staff on the controversial contracts. parliament's expenses watchdog rejected claims by labour MPs that they employ staff on zero hours only because they are forced to. labour's biggest donor unite also lost a humiliating tribunal ruling over an employee who claims he was sacked for complaining about being employed on a zero-hours basis.
Pete Bennett, 33, from Brighton, won a dream £100,000 after coming first in the seventh series of the channel 4 show in 2006. but the troubled star says he squandered his prize cash on the animal tranquiliser ketamine and is now homeless. the tourette's sufferer says his condition has calmed down and he wants to crack Hollywood as an actor.
corinne gump, 10, and her grandparents, 61-year-old Judy and 63-year-old bill, were killed in a house fire in youngstown, ohio, on monday. hours before her mother's boyfriend, 46-year-old Robert seman, was to go on trial for allegedly sexually abusing the girl over several years. police went to seman's home and found corinne's mother, Lynn Schmidt, who reportedly left the girl with her
the three-day programme is packed with seminars for budding authors. experts will share their knowledge of the publishing industry. bestselling e-book authors will talk about their experiences in the market.
researchers at different institutions in Tokyo, noted that rats flatten their ears, narrow their eyes and puff up their cheeks when they are in pain. the experts wanted to find out whether the rodents do this as a reflex reaction, or to communicate their discomfort to others. they found that rats can read pain on other animal’s faces and use the information to make decisions.
prison officers Thomas Jordan driver, 25, David Elliot moran, 47, and. Charles Thomas newcomb, 42, each face one state. count of conspiracy to commit murder. the men believed the prisoner was infected with HIV and hepatitis and he bit one of them during a fight, officials said. the supposed hit man was an FBI criminal informant who recorded those scenes and others over the past year.
Nick signed a deal to write a tell-all book about his marriage to mariah carey - and she is furious about him betraying her.'mariah was willing to give Nick $10 million but he said 'hell no' and demanded $30,' a family friend tells the daily mail exclusively. 'he told her nobody cares what he has to say and told him to take it or leave it because that's it - not a penny more,
wesley brown, 35, was awaiting sentencing after pleading guilty to being a felon in possession of a firearm. he is thought to have seduced single prison guard Rachel chepulis, 26, while behind bars.
average worker will sit through 6,239 meetings in their career, survey finds. 60 per cent said they find most meetings 'pretty pointless' one in five adults admits to catching forty winks during a work meeting.
James Paul Harris, 30, originally was charged with first-degree murder. pleaded no contest to involuntary manslaughter in 2011 garroting death. victim's brother, tom Gerety, called justice system 'a joke'
employee working in the regions where the watch is being launched will be eligible. this includes the us, UK, australia, canada, china, France, germany, hong kong and japan. discount doesn't apply to the expensive edition model, which starts at $10,000 in the us and £8,000 in the uk.
a book called secret garden by Scottish illustrator Johanna basford has sold more than 1.4million copies. it's been translated into 22 different languages. the allure is said to be the unadulterated pleasure of doing something for no purpose other than to enjoy the practice of colouring and staying within the lines.
four-year-old was pictured last year surrendering to a camera she mistook for a gun. she and her family have been living in atmeh refugee camp, just 10km from the border with turkey. two weeks ago, they moved south, towards the city of Idlib - only for it to fall into the hands of al-Qaeda affiliate al-Nusra. it means the family are in danger of becoming victims of a battle between the regime and rebels which has killed 2
the 60-year-old is facing charges over funding of his failed 2012 bid to retain the presidency of the country. he is alleged to have got the UMP party to pay off his personal fine approaching £500,000 for over-spending. under french electoral law, Sarkozy should have paid the fine himself.
star of poirot is fighting for better treatment for those with rare diseases. grandson Todd has the rare condition Tuberous Sclerosis Complex. Suchet, 68, revealed his grandson was diagnosed shortly after birth. he said ‘mismanagement in the admin side’ of the NHS means he is not receiving treatment that could help him.
the camel - the first intact camel skeleton found in central europe - may have been left in the town of Tulln for trading after the siege of Vienna in 1683. genetic analysis of the beast show that it was a Bactrian-dromedary hybrid – a breed popular in the Ottoman army at the time. along with DNA evidence, the shape of the animal's skull indicated it was a hybrid.
Michelle-lael norsworthy, 51, has been in prison since 1987, serving a life sentence for second-degree murder. she has lived as a woman since the 1990s and has what the judge termed severe gender dysphoria.
the 16 pages include the original working manuscript and typed drafts of the song. the wistful anthem asks 'do you recall what was revealed the day the music died?' the eight-minute-long song was released in 1971 and was a no. 1 hit in 1972.
hospitalizations from car crashes dropped 7 percent between 2003 and 20010 in the 45 states with texting bans. Arizona, Texas, Montana, Missouri, and Oklahoma are the only five states in the us that do not have texting bans for all drivers. texting bans caused a 9 per cent drop in car-crash hospitalizations among americans aged 22 and older.
the mystery man does not know how he came to lose his memory or be in the UK, and cannot even recall his own name. all that he could remember was that he was from the Poznan area of Poland and has a daughter called lenka. he may or may not have come from Denmark within the past few days.
Lu Lu and partner mated for seven minutes and 45 seconds. set a new record for the year at the sichuan giant panda research centre. average romp between two pandas is between 30 seconds and five minutes.
Victoria prosser, 33, stood up and heckled the prime minister during debate. told reporters she wanted people to question '1% at the top' who she claimed were not working in country's interests. 'health and wellbeing' worker was later removed from the studio.
Hillary Clinton said she wanted nobody to know when she was going to the pool apart from one usher who was to guide her there. there she would spend three and a half hours sitting on her own reading looking ‘heartbroken’, according to a new book. the vivid account is written by Kate andersen brower, a former white house correspondent for Bloomberg news.
Karen wakefield and her husband appeared in 'people like us' documentary. they refused to pay fines for taking daughter out of school for six days. the 13-year-old pupil missed six days of lessons at start of new school year. mother-of-two said she doesn't like school telling her what to do. claims she and husband could be jailed for three months or fined £1,000 each.
more than two thirds of people taking antidepressants did not meet criteria for major depressive disorder. antidepressants are also prescribed for other psychiatric disorders. but 38 per cent of those taking drugs did not meet the criteria for obsessive compulsive disorder.
rev. Robert H. Schuller died early Thursday at a care facility in artesia, daughter Carol Schuller milner said. in 2013, he was diagnosed with a tumor in his esophagus that had spread to his lymph nodes and began treatment. once a charismatic and well-known presence on the televangelist circuit, Schuller faded from view in recent years after watching his church collapse amid a disastrous leadership transition. the soaring, glass-paned
Danielle and Andrew Davis refused a termination when a scan revealed a cyst on the brain of their baby girl, Daisy. but when she was born, they were told she had the rare disorder anophthalmia, meaning she had no eyes. the condition is incurable, so while Daisy can be fitted with glass eyes as she gets older, she will never be able to see.
a leading geneticist claims a towering woman named. Zana who lived in 19th Century Russia - and appeared to be 'half. human, half ape' - could have been the fabled yeti. witnesses described the six-foot, six-inches tall woman as having 'all the characteristics of a wild animal' - and covered in thick auburn hair. experts believe the wandering 'wild woman' was found lurking in the remote region
this year has seen products and advertisers outdo themselves in their attempt to grab attention and hoodwink consumers. here we bring you the best and most unlikely stories from around the web.
a young boy was befriended by a bear at a zoo in north america. wandering over to the protective glass, the bear sits next to him. the bear appears to try and bite the youngster through the glass.
the 39-year-old wants to install a 550ft-long boulder and gravel seawall. but natural England has recommended the planning application be refused. citing concerns it may result in 'direct loss' of natural habitat. the actress bought the eight bedroom house in west Sussex in 2013.
38-year-old Amy Johnson allegedly assaulted a 16-year-old worker. she allegedly grabbed the young woman by the neck and scratched her face. police say she was yelling at the teenager before the manager intervened to stop her. the 38-year-old was a passenger in a BMW when she went through the McDonald's drive-through at Stanmore in Sydney's inner west on march 17.
justus howell, 17, was shot twice in the back by police in zion, illinois. officers were called to reports of an argument around 2pm on saturday. chief of zion police has now said argument was over a handgun. Tramond peet, 18, who was trying to sell him the weapon, said he tussled over it. peet let go of the gun when he heard sirens, then opened fire on howell.
restaurant owner Sandy dee hall, 34, and his girlfriend maxine Cher, 24, adopted the young lamb after he was abandoned by his mother. the couple bottle-feed him three times a day and have to burp him after he has eaten. but now city officials are demanding that he is sent back to the farm.
collection was amassed by George III and has been under lock and key for 200 years. poems were written by the Shah of persia himself in 1812. documents touch on some of the most important events in history. they include the battle of chesapeake bay and the american war of independence.
intricately-carved bed was left in car park of former redland house hotel. builders were renovating the property and left it to be picked up by auctioneers. it was snapped up for £2,200 in 2010 by a four-poster bed specialist. but he was shocked when his new 'Victorian' purchase arrived. he approached TV historian Jonathan foyle with a suspicion it was the only surviving Tudor bed and traced it back to 1495.
police went to a home on march 26 in balch spring, texas, to do a wellness check. were told that a two-year-old child had died and a 'rising ceremony' performed. the child's parents took the body to Mexico for burial the following day. police refused to release names but an investigation is underway.
sleep experts recommend you arrange your room symmetrically, install heavy curtains and keep pets out to get a more restful slumber. you should also dim your light three hours before bedtime.
Ben elton took a swipe at myleene Klass over her criticism of the planned levy on homes worth more than £2 million. the comedian told a 1,000-strong crowd he was 'back with labour'. the event was also attended by Eddie Izzard, Joey Essex and Sally Lindsay.
veggie balls will be rolled out this month, created from a secret recipe of chickpeas, peas, carrots, peppers, corn, kale and seasoning.
young job seekers are filling in application forms using 'txt spk' - text speak. admiral said many youngsters fail at the very beginning of looking for work. forms saying 'u r a gr8 company 2 work 4' and 'btw am out of work atm' are examples hitting their job chances.
Ukip said schoolchildren were being exposed to 'propaganda' from Brussels. party said it was a bid to 'catch them young' in bid to 'catch them young' party has called for in-out referendum to be held by end of 2017.
Mario ambarita clambered into the wheel housing of a plane at 34,000ft. the 21-year-old was 'looking for work' in pekan baru, sumatra, when he climbed out. his mother said she had 'no idea' her son was planning to go to Jakarta.
leia, an eight-month-old boxer from Pennsylvania, was filmed as she lay on the couch and latched on to a baby's pacifier. footage shows her then sucking on it before closing her eyes and loudly snoring in her sleep.
two swimmers were shouted at to get out of the water by a group of men on a penthouse balcony overlooking the beach. 'Yeah, now run,' said one of the group of men watching and filming the shark as it ramped up its chase of the fish. hammerheads are largely harmless to humans, but the swimmers weren't willing to stick around to confirm it.
Simona Trasca, 34, said her surgeon could not have paid tax on boob job. she said: 'i got such a small bill for such a big job, in fact it was only 2000 lei (£363)' surgeon Marek vacu claimed her comments were defamatory and sued her.
leylandii hedge in stirling, scotland, stands 40ft tall and blocks sunlight. neighbour Audrey Alexander claims it has knocked £20,000 off her house's value. battle started 35 years ago when her aunt planted a vegetable patch. 23 years ago, she asked her neighbour to trim the 40ft high hedge. but council ruled that neighbour Jeanette Robinson can keep the hedge.
Natalie whitear suffers from prosopagnosia, also known as face blindness. 35-year-old can't spot her reflection in the mirror or recognise her children. she was born with the condition but was only diagnosed three years ago.
elephants will retire from the ringling brothers barnum and Bailey circus in 2018. they will be taken to the Ringling brothers elephant conservation center in an undisclosed, 200-acre area of central florida. the center is 'all about preserving the Asian elephant', an animal whose population has gone down from 100,000 to between 25,000 and 32,000.
Marc Benioff, the ceo of Salesforce.com, was one of the first corporate executives to react to the polarizing new religious freedom restoration act. he initially canceled all events and suspended employee travel to the state. but now he is responding to employee complaints that they no longer want to work and live in the state and is trying to find ways to help them. it is the most aggressive corporate reaction to the controversial legislation yet.
Jo Gilchrist, 27, was left writhing in pain on Valentine's day when a staph infection invaded her body and attacked her spine. she has been in Brisbane's princess Alexandra hospital ever since and doctors are still desperately trying to rid her body of the bacteria. the mother of one says it took doctors a long time to work out what was wrong and her body started to go numb and she lost feeling in her legs. she was airlifted from her country hometown of warwick
a man vying to become the next governor of Kentucky has legally changed his name to Gatewood galbraith after a late local celebrity. his predecessor, who died in 2012 from chronic emphysema, gained a following for his wit, sharp dress sense and support of legalizing marijuana. the newly-christened galbraith filed paperwork on Wednesday to run as an independent for the state's highest office.
the 48-year-old owner of the famed'mystic pizza' faces up to 15 years in prison after pleading guilty to tax evasion and financial structuring offenses. the restaurant owner may also be forced to pay a $500,000 fine. prosecutors said in a release that between 2006 and 2010, Zelepos diverted just over $567,000 from mystic pizza's gross receipts into his personal bank accounts. they say he then filed false tax returns to hide the
the 15-passenger van was carrying 12 people from south carolina toward Atlanta when it went off Interstate 85 near the town of commerce about 7 am. the van's driver 'apparently fell asleep and allowed the vehicle to leave the roadway, at which time the vehicle struck a tree on the passenger side,' police said. the occupants of the van, from the Atlanta-based band Khaotika and the huntsville, Alabama-based band Wormreich, were traveling together and pulling a trailer
the Cheyenne mountain complex in Colorado was built for the north american aerospace command (NORAD) to direct the american response to a nuclear war with the usSR. at its height NORAD watched 7,000 aircraft per day as part of their surveillance operations. the complex is now home to more than 1,000 personnel and is able to operate as an underground town for months with fresh water and food.
seven of the world's most endangered crocodiles flew out of Melbourne on Wednesday. the 40 centimetre-long crocs travelled in custom designed boxes specially built by Melbourne Zoo to ensure a smooth flight. there are only about 250 Philippine crocodiles left in the wild, making them the most endangered crocodile species in the world. the reptiles were conceived and hatched at the Melbourne Zoo, the first and only australian zoo to
taken in the capital Tokyo, the images show clean-up crews entering rubbish-strewn buildings where lonely victims spent their final days. police officers will have already removed the often badly decomposed bodies before the cleaning teams arrive.
hunter gatherers living in spain up to 8,500 years ago still had dark skin. it was not until 7,800 years ago that two genes that provide lighter skin appeared. around 5,800 years ago the second gene, which makes skin colour lighter still, also began to spread through the european population.
three men, two women and four children detained at checkpoint in ogulpinar. arrested as they made final leg of journey to is stronghold in syria. over past three months more than a dozen britons have made journey.
roads around the Missouri city were flooded in the intense downpour. one town recorded more than two inches of rain in half an hour. storms barreled into parts of Indiana, knocking down trees and power lines.
asma Fahmi was walking to her car with her family when they were attacked by three men from a balcony. the 34-year-old's mother suffers from Bells palsy and finds it difficult to leave the house due to her condition. asma believes that many victims of racial attack have no faith in the legal system and therefore many incidents go unreported.
camoji is one of the first apps to take advantage of facebook's decision to open up Messenger. once downloaded, users simply tap on the shutter icon to record an animated gif that is up to 2 seconds long. users can then add filters and other effects - similar to Instagram.
the 33-year-old and husband Henry already have a daughter, Mila, who turns two later this month.
inquiry came after Nicola. sturgeon claimed she was the victim of whitehall ‘dirty tricks’. row followed allegation she told french. ambassador she would prefer a Tory victory. partly because labour leader. Ed miliband is not ‘PM material’.
scream factor of rollercoaster at flambards theme park to be measured. readings will go into a report as local planning council considers 480 homes. developer has applied for outline planning permission for the homes.
47% of women aged over 55 expressed disappointment over their career choices. compared to just 40% of men. one in five over-55s surveyed admitted to feelings of depression. 17% of women felt resentment towards their partners.
the planetary society analysed the feasibility and cost of a crewed mission to orbit the Martian moon Phobos in 2033. it concluded that such a plan could indeed fit within NASA's human space exploration budget - but that politics is holding the decision back. the current plan would use an Orion spacecraft to move crewmembers from Earth into orbit and back down.
former u.s. rep. gabby giffords, 44, was shot in the head by a gunman as she made a speech at a supermarket in Tucson, arizona, four years ago. she is now an advocate for gun control and walked through the airport in los angeles using a cane on Thursday. she was accompanied on the trip by her husband, retired astronaut mark Kelly, and a young woman who carried several bags.
university of Sydney have been running a 17-week diploma for year 11 students at Scot's College to skip their year 12 exams and 'buy' their entry into the sandstone university. eight Scot's students gained 'direct entry' to the university after completing the program in 2014. the program was devised by the university's commercial arm, Sydney learning, and students who completed the course successfully were guaranteed places in a number of undergraduate courses.
Terry Martin, 48, shot his girlfriend Laurice Hampton, 48, after she asked for half of the proceeds. but Hampton, critically injured from a gunshot wound to her chest, was able to call 911 about 6:30am Saturday to report the shootings. responding officers found the couple inside their master bedroom at their home on beaty street in fort worth, texas. Martin was pronounced dead from a gunshot wound to the head. records showed that there was a history of violence between the couple
the cult classic was based on the novel of the same name by Walter tevis. bowie has written new songs and arranged older music for the production. he is not expected to perform in the production, titled lazarus, on new york's Broadway later this year.
Domenico rancadore, 65, given seven-year sentence by italian court in 1999. he was convicted in his absence in italy for his role as a'man of honour' but today it emerged that his case expired last October and sentence is to be withdrawn.
wine expert shares his top tips for mastering wine tasting in four hours. 'no expert has become an expert by only drinking their favourite wine,' says Russell. the main skill wine experts have is an ability to put a name to the odour.
gareth silk's friends from south wales planned a stag do in benidorm, spain. they were inspired by the money supermarket advert featuring 'dave's epic strut' when the men in their matching outfits walked down the street, they earned cheers, clapping and even policemen driving past waved and laughed.
crystal and kevin o'Connor of memoryries pizza in Walkerton, indiana refused to cater a gay wedding this week. their comments came a week after the religious freedom restoration act was passed, forbidding state or local government from'substantially 'burdening' a person's right to their beliefs. the new law states that no one has the legal right to'refuse to offer or provide' goods, services, facilities or employment to anyone. the owners
Kimberly greenberg, 15, went for a walk near her home in Santa Monica. she became angry and left her home without medication or cellphone. the autistic teenager has not been seen for more than a week.
74-year-old businessman wants to restore ancient 180-yard hedge. it marks the boundary between his home and the college's land in warwickshire. but he wants to consult with the college on where exactly he should replant it. but he claims the college has refused to agree with him on the matter.
the new'skywalk' observation deck has opened to the public in chongqing, southwest china. the cantilevered platform has a 720 degree view from a vantage point that stands nearly 4,000 feet above sea level.
Epiphany Morgan and Carl Mason produced 365 documentaries in 365 days. the couple visited 35 countries and 70 cities as part of their project 365 Docobites. with a strict budget of $40 a day, the couple set off to their first destination- the us- and landed in new york to begin their journey.
Amanda Beringer asked her brother to make a toast at her wedding. Brad Fraser performed a song which poked fun at marriage. it was also a tribute to their father, who died of motor neuron disease.
militants reveal plans to open school of nursing in de facto capital of raqqa. applicants must be no more than 25 years old and willing to work anywhere. applicants must also speak fluent english - something the NHS hasn't done.
u.s. to freeze assets of those involved in attacks on 'critical' networks. follows a series of high profile incidents, including attack on Sony pictures. cyber attacks pose 'one of most serious economic and national security challenges'
Yoko led tributes to her first wife after she died at her home in spain. said she was a 'wonderful mother' with a'strong zest for life' added she was 'proud' how she and Cynthia had'stood firm in the Beatles family' a message on her son's website said he was at her beside throughout.
12-year-old bluey has a growl which is louder than most cats can miaow. her purr has been clocked at more than 90 decibels using a sound meter app. she is currently in a rehoming centre in Cambridge looking for a new owner.
Laura sumner, 24, was fined £23.50 for an alleged visa violation. she was researching Soviet rule from 1917 to 1921 as part of her PhD. pro-kremlin website claimed her work was 'important for the plans of the west to create a "colour revolution" in Russia'
8,000 women in their 70s are diagnosed and treated for breast cancer. MPs are warning that women will die as a result of the screening age limit. from 2016, all women up to 73 will be invited for routine mammograms.
six in ten full-time working Brits are too busy to clean their homes. one in eight haven't vacuumed at all this year so far. a fifth never polish or dust their home and a quarter have never cleaned their windows before.
the district attorney's office told the judge that their forensic experts couldn't determine if six crime scene bullets came from a gun investigators took from his home. hinton was convicted of two 1985 murders that occurred during robberies of fast-food restaurants near Birmingham. the u.s. supreme court last year sent hinton's case back for a potential new trial, which prompted a re-examination of the evidence.
president Barack Obama this morning put a human face on the harmful effects climate change can have on public health - his daughter. 'well you know, Malia had asthma when she was four, and because we had good health insurance, we were able to knock it out early,' the president told ABC news’ chief health correspondent, Dr. Richard Besser. 'the fright you feel is terrible,' he said.
a new book based on interviews with more than 100 members of the presidential mansion's domestic staff claims that Chelsea called the secret service 'pigs' as a young girl. 'that’s what my mother and father call you,' she said, according to the book. a former white house butler said in the book that the president and his wife were 'about the most paranoid people i'd ever met' the book, 'the residence: inside the private world of the white
detlef guenzel chopped polish-born wojciech stempniewicz into small pieces. he then buried them in the garden of his home in hartmannsdorf-Reichenau. state attorneys had sought 10 and a half years in prison for the defendant.
the Yarnell hill fire killed 19 firefighters in prescott, arizona, in June 2013. city attorney Jon Paladini claims the fire's sole survivor, lookout Brendan McDonough, heard the leader of the group order the crew to leave a safe spot. Paladini says he was told the order came just before winds whipped the hill into a deadly, all encompassing firestorm. Paladini's claim is based on what he says he was told
energy giant overcharged thousands of customers switching to rivals. ofgem found firm broke rules by hitting customers with higher tariffs. firm has refunded £8 to £12 to 40,000 customers who paid by cash or cheque.
12-tonne double decker bus broke down en route to depot in dover, kent. driver was forced to ask passengers, colleagues and locals to help him. group managed to roll the huge bus through the streets and on to depot.
42 per cent of those polled said they supported shale gas extraction. but 35 per cent disagreed with using the controversial technique. finding shows greater backing for shale gas industry than other polls.
the'mothball fleet' was set up in the wake of the second world war. at its peak in 1950, the fleet consisted of 2,277 ships moored across the u.s. today, just over 120 ships remain, posing a risk to the environment in bays where they are moored.
Hannah brierley, 16, thought her mother was playing a prank. she stared at the reptile for a few minutes until it moved. her mother, 40, panicked and dialled 999.
the 22-year-old has been accused of cheating on his fiance, 21-year-old singer perrie Edwards. the couple have jetted off on what was thought to be a make or break holiday. perrie's relationship with one direction singer has come under scrutiny. she claims she slept with him while he was holidaying in Thailand.
barrick gold reached the out-of-court settlement when the women threatened to file a lawsuit in the us. one of the women was just a 14-year-old girl attending school in the northern Enga province when she was raped in 2010. another woman has revealed how she was collecting firewood when she was surrounded by security guards from the mine.
Tracey cox offers advice on whether a man will break your heart.
April 2 is autism awareness day and autism assistance dogs are a little known but hugely beneficial form of 'animal therapy' an 'Autism Assistance Dog' is used to keep a child with autism safe and are an incredible tool to help them develop social skills and positive relationships. the highly trained, specialised working dogs are licenced to accompany the child in essentially any location.
fossils belonging to a species known as. 'pterichthyoides milleri' roamed Earth's freshwater lakes during the Paleozoic. Era, between 542 million and 251 million years ago. 'wings' led to the pectoral fins seen in modern fish.
one-year-old bully breed mix was hit by a car, struck in the head with a hammer and buried in a ditch in Moses lake, washington. days later, she was found sickly and covered in dirt at a nearby farm with a dislocated jaw, leg injuries and a caved-in sinus cavity. the dog is recovering with the help of good samaritans and veterinarians at Washington state university.
research led by the university of Montana has found that eating fast food after a workout may be just as beneficial as dietary supplements. researchers found that during recovery periods between periods of exercise, it didn’t matter what food was eaten. levels of glycogen - used by muscles as ‘fuel’ - were actually slightly higher after fast food was eaten as a recovery food.
the patent was filed by the tech giant in march 2011 and awarded this week. it details a method of scanning a user's face using the front-facing camera. if the scanned face matches a previously taken photo, the phone unlocks. current methods of unlocking a device are 'inconvenient and time consuming'
the pope is presiding over a good friday torchlight procession at the colosseum. he is using the service to stress the persecution of Christians. among those chosen to take turns carrying the cross were faithful from Iraq, Syria, Nigeria, Egypt and china.
experts say the new 6.2 mile-stretch (10 kilometres) means the full range of the Qin Dynasty Great Wall can be traced for the first time. nine sections of the Wall have been found over the last two months along the inner coast of the Yellow River in Gansu province and the Ningxia region.
a small piece of glass was discovered in a Beech-Nut-Nutrition baby food jar by a consumer. the company is recalling 1,920 pounds of the product. the product is 'Stage 2 Beech-Nut CLASSICS sweet potato & chicken,' which is sold in 4-ounce glass jars.
a beanie believed to have belonged to 11-year-old Luke Shambrook has been found. it was located on the fourth day of the search for the missing boy. police are unsure when the beanie was dropped as the search for the boy continues. the autistic boy was last seen on the national park at 9.30am on good friday.
one-year-old Bol and four-year-old twins madit and anger all died. their mother, 35, was behind the wheel of a grey 2005 Toyota Kluger. the 4WD plunged into a lake at Wyndham vale in Melbourne's outer west. the father of the children has spoken out to defend the children's mother. he said she is innocent as she is a 'good mother'
Luke lazarus was jailed for at least three years on march 27 for raping an 18-year-old virgin in an alleyway outside his father's SOHO nightclub in inner Sydney. he boasted to the victim he could introduce her to the DJ at the SOHO, before ushering her into an alleyway. the former private school boy was sentenced to at least three years on march 27. a liquor licensing specialist law firm, who lodged the appeal five days
prompted claims he was worried about upsetting party's 'union paymasters' magazine of respected IPSE carries tributes from every major party leader. but there is no message from the labour leader in the special election edition.
Danny Eckhart 'drunkenly took a police patrol boat for a joy ride and crashed it into a riverside bar and grill' he faces charges of unauthorized use of a vehicle and operating a vehicle while intoxicated.
benefits claimant, 56, has fathered 40 children by 20 different women. still has live profile on dating site where he met his bride-to-be. says: 'i love my kids' despite being engaged for the fourth time. sons say they wish they'd never even come into contact with him.
experts must build the jet on 'floating' concrete rafts that move in sync with the moon to counteract even the slightest shifts in gravitational pull. these rafts measure 59ft (18 metres) long and 9.8ft (3 metres) thick and are used to house the measuring equipment. this helps its ‘fly by wire’ computer system to accurately control the aircraft, designed to be unstable but hugely agile. the Typhoon can take off in less than 8 seconds, achieve super
study found that children who ate a diet higher in saturated fats and cholesterol had slower reaction times and a poorer working memory. children who ate the fatty diet performed worse when they were given a task-switching game to complete, the researchers said.
Phil Smith, 25, scaled a fence to try to get into his flat in cottingham, hull. but he fell and hit his head and suffered a bleed on the brain and a blood clot. he was placed in a medically induced coma but died five days later. his parents have paid tribute to their 'lovely son' who had a 'natural talent with children'
owners in Huddersfield, west yorkshire, began to experience problems last autumn. neighbours have reported cracks in doors, gaps between doors and architrave, loose fence panels and a collapsed pipe under the street.
sheldon silver's son-in-law Marcello trebitsch, 37, was indicted on charges of securities and wire fraud on monday. prosecutors accuse him of lying to investors about stock losses and pocketing most of the money entrusted to him for trading. he is married to silver's daughter Michelle, who has not been charged in the scheme. if convicted he faces 40 years in prison and fines of up to $5.25million.
question was set for 14-year-olds in the Singapore and Asian schools math Olympiad. test often features logical reasoning questions and is set to test top achievers. people across the world have been left baffled as they try to solve the puzzle.
the app is currently in development and will be trialled in a store in wandsworth later this year. as customers scan their household items, a live pricing tool will show their list with current store prices. prices will update automatically if an item goes on sale or becomes part of a multi-buy deal. the map appears on the app when the registered phone joins a store's wi-fi network. it will help shoppers plot the best route through the store to get all of the items they
officer Aaron stringer, of the Bakersfield, california, police department, allegedly pulled on the toes and yanked on the head of a dead man. he then allegedly said 'tickle tickle' as he ran his fingers along the soles of the feet of 22-year-old Ramiro james Villegas. Villegas was shot dead by police after crashing his car in a high-speed chase on November 13. stringer has
leza Davies, 33, thought breast feeding had left her chest saggy. saved up £4,000 to go from a 34A to a 34D and was pleased with her new look. but, in 2012, she knocked her breast on a door frame because of its increased size. found a pea-sized lump, which hospital tests revealed was cancerous. had six months of chemotherapy, followed by radiotherapy and surgery. is now in remission and says implants saved her life.
Iona costello, 51, and daughter Emily went missing on march 30. their car was found in a parking garage on 42nd street in Manhattan. they were recognized by the front desk manager of the hotel they were staying at. police said they now consider the case to be closed.
Amy Wilkinson, 28, claimed housing benefit and council tax benefit. but she was living in a home owned by her mother and her partner. she was ordered to pay back a total of £17,604 that she claimed over two years. her grandfather, Tommy Docherty, was manager of manchester united.
engineering graduate built armour after watching hit movie with brother. finished product is two metres high, weighs just 4kg and comes with helmet. but 27-year-old was too 'chubby' to fit into it and asked nephew to model it.
the 53-year-old spent the Easter weekend with friends and family on the island. she has previously holidayed in the area with the 54-year-old broadcaster. the pair, who have two daughters and a son, are said to have lived apart for years.
the election means that half of the six-member city council in Ferguson will now be african-american. this just over a month after the department of justice released a report on the shocking culture of racism and abuse in the city. the lone black incumbent councilman, Dwayne james, was not up for re-election.
a wallaby 'punched' a wombat who invaded his personal space. the native pair were grazing in the Wilsons promontory national park in victoria. onlookers were shocked by the actions of the wallaby.
Sam barton, 22, has had £55,000 of cosmetic surgery - including two NHS operations. says culprits tracked him down using his facebook posts and attacked him. attackers shouted abuse at him as he left pub and hurled eggs at him. he was left with yolk and shell running down his face on the pavement.
more than a dozen hot-air balloons took to the skies in the small community of canowindra in the central west region of NSW. hundreds gathered on Sunday morning to mark the tragic death of the bride-to-be. the 26-year-old teacher was murdered and dumped in bushland six days before she was due to walk down the aisle to marry her partner of five years.
the phone belonged to bellacrooke who lost it at a friend's birthday party. it was handed in to police at albury police station on the NSW-victoria border. officers on duty realised the phone was unlocked and used it to post selfies and photos of the phone on the woman's facebook page.
Ruth Davison is director of policy and external affairs at the national housing federation. she is also a member of her local labour party in Islington, north london. she bought a large terrace house in Islington for £440,000 ten years ago.
the mother-to-be, whose name is. injaz, was cloned from the ovarian cells of a slaughtered camel in. 2009 and born by surrogate mother. injaz was six years old this week and is said to have conceived naturally. it's 19 years since the first mammal was cloned, including one from the cells of a camel beauty pageant winner.
last year Hawaiian-born photographer dustin wong, 31, abandoned his job as an engineer to travel the world. inspired by ancient Hawaiian beliefs in the sacredness of the landscape, he has journeyed from the Arctic circle to australia. the photographer hopes his images will inspire the viewer with awe at the intricate and diverse world we live in.
research on infants’ brains by doctors from Oxford university has found that young babies are more sensitive to pain than adults. it overturns the medical consensus that newborns have a high pain threshold. up until the 1980s it was common practice for babies to go without pain relief during surgery - they were given neuromuscular blocks.
Lori Smith filmed her pooch Boomer being repeatedly hit as she lay with her head resting on the ledge of her electronic dog door.
a study of 2.3 million australian parents has revealed that 7.35am is the most hectic, frenzied time of the morning routine. breakfast is the top priority for parents, with an average of 140 hours spent making children breakfast each year. nut spreads are a popular choice for breakfast loving kids, with Aussie kids eating spreads 6.7 times a week.
local campaigners are calling for a parliamentary inquiry into the scheme. they want lawmakers to look into the misuse of public funds. £60 million of public money has been pledged by the mayor and the Chancellor.
a third of parents polled said they belt out hip hop songs to soothe babies. a quarter of mums polled said they sing songs from tv ads to soothe babies. a quarter of dads, somewhat unsurprisingly, turn to sport chants.
the self-styled mirreyes (my kings) are increasingly exposing the amount of wealth concentrated into a relatively small number of hands. they are often the sons and daughters of government officials, wealthy businessman and other members of Mexican high society. although their displays of wealth can be embarrassing, they can also lead to political and legal advantages down the road. one such individual, the eldest son of then-Chiapas attorney general Raciel Lopez Salazar, jumped off a cruise ship off
hospital in west London is the first choice of venue for the delivery. but two other hospitals have been put on standby in case the duchess leaves the capital. the 33-year-old may visit her parents in Bucklebury, Berkshire, this week.
the'screw' measures an inch (2cm) long and was found in the 1990s. it was collected by a paranormal research team called the kosmopoisk group. they claim that the stone is between 300 and 320 million years old. experts suggest that the'screw' is in fact a fossilised sea creature. the shape may actually be the reversed-shape of the creature, which gradually dissolved while the rock formed around it.
Nathan Sellers went on the show with his ex, lia palmquist. Palmquist admitted to partying with the guys from the Wu-Tang Clan. but she denied that she had anything sexual with them.
the former secretary of state is in new hampshire this week for her first swing since declaring her candidacy. of a randomly selected group of 50 students who said they followed presidential politics enough to comment, just nine said she would make a good chief executive. twenty-two of the 50 students interviewed on Sunday mentioned the deadly 2012 terror attacks in Benghazi, Libya as a black mark on Clinton's record. 'just because she's a woman doesn't mean she should be president,'
25-year-old man was born at the Luton and dunstable hospital in 1989. readmitted three months later suffering a serious brain haemorrhage. doctors failed to give him a vitamin K injection to help blood clot. man now requires 24-hour care and will do for rest of his life.
millionaire real estate heir Robert durst, 71, entered his plea during an arraignment in a new orleans court on weapons charges. he is accused of possessing a firearm after a felony conviction and possessing both a firearm and an illegal drug, marijuana. the weapons arrest has kept Durst in new orleans even though he waived extradition to california, where he's charged in the death of a long-time friend
police officer michael slager, 33, has been charged with murdering unarmed black father, 50, in north Charleston, south carolina, on saturday. he was terminated from the force on wednesday. a separate gofundme page was set up on wednesday to raise money in support of the accused killer cop. it had raised $393 of a $5,000 goal on donations from 20 people. two hours later, that total had jumped to $541
the 58-year-old actress said her first test for cancer came back negative. but she was correctly diagnosed after seeking a second opinion. underwent a bilateral mastectomy and reconstructive surgery last week. she took a leave of absence from Broadway play 'Fish in the dark' earlier this month.
adapted chair by SII Deutschland, beat off competition from 21 finalists. SANTO seat is one-and-a-half times the width of a standard seat. aims to improve aircrew procedure and passenger safety.
a bizarre fake fundraising page has been set up requesting donations for the woman who stood up for a Muslim couple being abused on a train. 'this is something i have never given a thought before, but i wouldn't mind if somebody somewehere (sic) wanted to donate,' said 23-year-old.
an american soldier was killed in a shooting incident Wednesday in the eastern Afghan city of Jalalabad. at least two other u.s. troops were wounded in the attack, a u.s. official said. the incident happened after a meeting between Afghan provincial leaders and a u.s. embassy official in the compound of the provincial governor in Jalalabad. it was the second fatality suffered by NATO since the beginning of the year, when the coalition launched its new mission in Afghanistan
Ramon C. estrada, 62, was set to be paroled in less than three weeks when he died Sunday at the prison in Draper. he was scheduled to have dialysis Friday at the prison's treatment center, but a technician did not show up on Friday or Saturday. the technician or technicians involved worked for a university of Utah hospital clinic that provides dialysis for the prison.
John T. booker Jr, who refers to himself as Muhammad Abdullah hassan, was detained in Manhattan, kansas, on friday morning. the 20-year-old is said to have targeted nearby Fort Riley and planned to use a 1,000lb car bomb to blow himself up and kill 'people with power' he was shown how to arm the bomb, which was actually a dud, and taken to a supposed secret gate to enter the base by FBI informants before being arrested
lone official appearance on her first day in new hampshire was a carefully stage-managed small-business roundtable in Keene. lunchtime visit to a main-street bakery and two more appointments later in the day were off-the-books and under the public's radar. if police radar had been engaged, it would have clocked Hillary's signature black conversion van –'scooby', for the uninitiated – hitting 92 mph in
judge said he had to deal with his own'revulsion' as he jailed four care home assistants who called dementia patients 'fugly' one woman was told she was going to be killed and another told she was living in a brothel and should expect male visitors. all four workers ‘systematically’ abused residents until a whistleblower reported them to bosses.
treasure trove of unseen photographs, props, scripts, posters and sketches. many of the lots relate to his time in front of the camera. one of the most prized items is the cane used in Jurassic park.
final Discworld novel written by sir terry pratchett will be released in september. it will be called the shepherd's crown and will feature witch-in-training Tiffany. the character first appeared in the wee free men in 2003. the plot of the final book is unknown, but the shepherd could refer to her grandmother.
intrepid social media giants were sent by Europcar to explore and snap nearly 650 miles in three days. their breathtaking findings have been seen by a combined following of over one million users. the campaign team involved five Danes and three Scots who set out in march to capture some of the area's prized landscapes.
one animal can be seen crashing head first into the turf, dismounting a rider, after trying to scale the vehicle. a number of horses were said to have left the field with injuries at the event in greencastle, county Tyrone. one rider reported visiting a&e to be treated for badly bruised ligaments after her horse fell.
dove grey uniform was once worn by notorious nazi leader hermann goering. experts used sweat stains to link it to the ruthless commander. it is now expected to fetch £85,000 when it goes under the hammer.
abdelkrim Elmezayen, 13, was pulled from the water at the scene shortly after 6pm on thursday and his brother abdelkrim, 13, was pulled dead from the water. the family of four had been driving out of a parking lot on berth 73 when the car, driven by the boys' father, veered off the edge of the harbor. two adults were found swimming in the water when rescuers arrived.
in the knockabout atmosphere of an election campaign, everything is up for debate. all the pollsters agree that the snp is destined to win the vast majority of the seats (up to 50) north of the border. could this surge of nationalism mean that the snp is destined to win the vast majority of the seats (up to 50) north of the border in the general election?
two 21-year-olds and a 25 and 22-year-old collapsed on the vessel. they were rushed to hospital and their condition was critical overnight. police believe they may have taken a dangerous strain of ecstasy known as 'blue scissors' three men and a woman were hospitalised last year after taking the pills. police allege an officer was assaulted as people left the vessel.
autistic boy Luke Shambrook, 11, went missing from a camping ground in the Fraser national park, north-east of Melbourne, on friday. he was found on tuesday after five days on his own in thick bushland. police helicopter captured the moment rescuers reached him. a uniformed police officer knelt down and offered the boy reassurance he was finally safe, before other rescuers joined the scene.
comfortably numb is a new, single-use device that eases the pain of an injection. it produces a rapid chemical reaction to cool the patient's skin within 60 seconds. current solutions are either ineffective, or take too long, the trio said. they are targeting anyone who has to get an injection, which is nearly everyone.
the 1824 oil painting – Beaching A Boat, Brighton – was looted by the nazis during the second world war. the chance discovery of a 1946 export permit will bolster the gallery's claim that the painting was legitimately brought to the uk. document bears the signature of a dealer and seeks permission for the transfer of artworks from Budapest to Zurich, including one by constable identified as Fishing Boat.
hazardous material was discovered last month as crews prepared to replace the mayoral mansion's leaky roof. officials do not believe the work poses any health risk to mayor de Blasio and his family, who will remain in the home during the renovation. the cost of removing the asbestos will be about $250,000 and the contract was awarded this week to regional management inc.
at last, after months of grey skies and miserable weather, the sun is out. if you are looking to celebrate the wonderfully balmy weather by taking a dip, there are a few places you could try. in response to extra demand, many pools are extending opening hours in line with the weather.
'Chris' the interpreter was shot in the leg near his home in eastern afghanistan. his son, two, also sustained injuries in the attack, which he said was the latest in a series of attempts to kill or kidnap him. the 26-year-old said he has taken evidence of threats to authorities on ten occasions – but has repeatedly been dismissed. he said: 'the Government has totally forgotten its allies who helped them during the worst of times
a group of medical experts watched the 23rd outing for Ian fleming's hero. they concluded that he would have died or been critically injured several times. he would have been hit by a depleted uranium shell and then fell from a train. the radioactive nature of the ammunition 'would have increased his cancer risk'.
couple appeared not to mind being in full view during their steamy encounter. steamy encounter took place at the three bridges playing fields in crawley. workers said the pair, who were semi-naked, did not appear put off. photographs and videos of the unusual incident were posted online.
the pictures show the women in three set poses - in military uniform, with weapons and in civilian clothing. they have already been viewed more than 30,000 times by viewers who can vote for their favourites. a military spokesman said the competition was also open to voters not only from Kazakhstan but also neighbouring countries.
clare van santen, 37, was diagnosed when she was 15 weeks pregnant. she had a mastectomy and chemotherapy, and her son was born healthy. ten years on, the single mum-of-five has been told her cancer is terminal. she has a bucket list of things she wants to do with her children.
born on January 25 and almost three months old, the quadruplet male cubs were let out into their glass cages for the first time at the tobu zoo in Saitama prefecture, on the outskirts of Tokyo. initially hesitant to go out in front of a crowd of zoo staff and visitors, the cubs were encouraged by their mother, cara, aged nine. then trouble struck; one accidentally fell into the play pool. noticing that he was
Michelle Schwab, 38, has three sons and a degree in therapeutic childcare. she faces six months in jail and a $1,000 fine for child endangerment. visitors heard a scream at 3pm on saturday and saw her and her husband leaping into the pit to retrieve the boy. he suffered minor bumps and bruises and was listed in stable condition.
the first ever mid-air refuelling of an unmanned aircraft was today successfully achieved by the navy's X-47B drone. the salty dog 502 vehicle is one of two unmanned carrier air vehicle demonstrators (UCAS-D) on the x-47B program. plugged its in-flight refuelling probe into the hose of an Omega air KC-707 tanker off the coast of Maryland.
John foran's wife was preparing a chicken tikka biryani stir-fry when he found the splinter-covered shard. the £2 ready meal was bought from an Iceland Foods store near their home in Newport, south Wales, within the last two weeks. Iceland said they are carrying out a thorough investigation.
pastor Eric Isaiah adusah has been charged with the murder of his wife. he is accused of killing pregnant mother-of-one, Charmain speirs, in ghana. local news reports said an autopsy showed the mother of one died of 'opiate heroin overdose'
the school tweeted out a statement saying the ‘decision to cancel not consistent w/high value @umich places on freedom of expression’. the movie was originally set to be shown during a student mixer Friday, but the university decided to cancel the showing over complaints by students. sophomore Lamees mekkaoui started a petition earlier in the day after learning that a showing of the film was planned for Friday. mekkaoui identifies as arab and middle eastern and feels the
google executives and employees donated more than $1.6 million to Obama's two white house campaigns. employees have been in the white house more than 230 times since Obama took office – approximately once per week. overall, according to the wall street journal, google spent $16.8 million on lobbying last year.
police say they repeatedly told J.B. silverthorn of orchard park, new york, not to drive home from grand island town court on Monday night. but the suspect reportedly proceeded to get in his car and pull out of the parking lot before being stopped by deputies. he was charged with felony DUI, meaning he could serve a minimum of one year in jail.
the former new england patriots tight end was sentenced to life in prison without parole on wednesday for the 2013 murder of Odin Lloyd. a 12-person jury found him guilty, sentenced him to life in prison without the possibility of parole due to some particularly heinous aspects of Lloyd's killing.
police are searching for a man charged with killing his wife at the Dunkin' donuts in Maryland where they both worked. patrons called police Sunday night shortly after discovering no workers at the Dunkin' donuts on arundel mills Boulevard in Hanover. an officer checked the business and found a severely injured woman in the kitchen area. the woman, 21-year-old Palak Bhadreskumar Patel of Hanover, died at the scene.
Evita Nicole Sarmonikas, 29, died during plastic surgery in mexicali. her body was cremated before an official autopsy could be conducted. her family flew to mexico on a mission to bring her body home. it has now been revealed that plastic surgeon Dr Victor Ramirez lost another patient just a year before her tragic death.
Ozzie the goose broke his leg and it had to be amputated at the joint. animal lover and rescuer Sue Burger got hold of him and nursed him back to health but he struggled to cope with only one leg. an animal lover's appeal for help led to a 3D printing company stepping in to manufacture him a new limb. the new leg is composed of several parts and replacement pieces.
'Very Blokey Joke Book' by Jake Harris displayed in menswear department. joke about a man watching his wife being beaten up by five men when police arrive. 'why didn't you help?' asks one stunned cop. 'five seemed enough,' reads the joke. shocked twitter users branded the joke 'horrific' and'staggeringly offensive'
game of thrones has some of the most powerful roles for actresses on television. actress Emilia Clarke, who plays daenerys, believes the show has great female characters. as series five begins, other female characters are battling for survival.
TV presenter is step-mother to footballer's two daughters Isla, seven, and luna, nine. the 36-year-old has been in a relationship with lampard for five years. says it's been a 'well-thought-out process' to build a bond with his children. wants to dispel old notions of the 'evil step-mother' as her main goal.
the 58-year-old actress took to her twitter account on Wednesday to thank her supporters, one day after revealing she has breast cancer. on Tuesday, she shared the news of her disease through a statement published by people magazine. she explained that her first test for cancer came back negative but that she was correctly diagnosed after seeking a second opinion.
a baby and three girls, aged three, six and eight, were trapped on a sandbank at blackpool beach during the school break. when it was obvious they had found themselves in trouble, those perched on the nearby pier did nothing to help. instead, they took out their smartphones to record the drama.
darius the rabbit measures over four feet long and weighs three and a half stone. but his son, Jeff, who measures 3ft 8in, is set to challenge him for the title. owner Annette Edwards, 63, from bromsgrove, says they are 'best animal friends'
a concerned mother took a photo of her child's lunch consisting of a dull looking fish fillet, a whole wheat bun, and corn and then posted it to social media this week. Virginia’s Portsmouth public schools say that their lunches are in compliance with Michelle Obama's federal lunch rules.
detectives are 'closely monitoring developments' in £60m heist in london. keen to find out if any DNA was recovered from the scene of the heist. also keen to find out if it matches forensic samples found in a tunnel. this was used in a £8.3m robbery at the Volksbank in Steglitz, germany.
Amit Yadav, 20, was driving his red Honda civic up to 25 miles over the speed limit when he lost control and smashed into an oncoming Renault Cleo. his two passengers - brothers Haider, 20, and Taimur Kayani, 17, from leytonstone, were killed in the collision on lodge avenue, dagenham. none of the passengers in the Cleo were wearing seatbelts at the time of the collision, according to crash scene investigators.
'poison pen' letter was sent to 'baby spamming' mother jade Ruthven. the 33-year-old was fed up with the amount of posts about her daughter. 'we can't wait for you to get back to work - maybe you won't have time to be on facebook quite so much,' the letter claims.
gao Yu, 71, 'illegally provided state secrets to foreigners', court said. she leaked a 2013 directive by the ruling communist party named 'Document number 9' document warns of 'dangers' of multiparty democracy, independent media, 'universal' definitions of human rights and criticism of the party's historical record.
Laurent Stefanini, 55, was in January asked by french president Francois Hollande. he was to represent their country at the Holy See, according to french media. but the controversial appointment was met 'with a stony silence' by the church.
the classic steam engines took to the tracks of the north Yorkshire moors railway today, hauling passengers between Pickering and Whitby. crowds flock to witness the three-day Spring Steam Gala which saw crowds flock to witness the annual event. star attractions on the first day of the spring steam gala included classic locomotives LNER 61994 ‘the great marquess’, and LMS 45407 ‘the Lancashire fusilier’.
queen Margrethe, 75, was joined on the balcony at the amalienborg palace by her sons, crown prince Frederik, 46, and prince Joachim, 45. they were with her again for a procession down Copenhagen shopping street Strget. then the Danish royals welcomed royals from all corners of europe to Fredensborg castle for a gala banquet.
the former governor has returned to his roots while inside and has been photographed with his still full head of hair a shocking white color. he was infamously caught trying to sell Barack Obama's u.s. Senate seat when he was elected president in 2008. while awaiting word on a last-ditch appeal, Blagojevich has daily contact with his family and teaches the history of war battles to other inmates.
nuku vanonyi cudjoe-calvocoressi was head of politics at boarding school in ascot. he was travelling on a train when he pulled up his shorts and exposed himself. a 33-year-old female passenger began secretly filming him on her phone. she confronted the 41-year-old and asked her husband to meet her at station. cudjoe-calvocoressi was arrested and charged with indecent exposure.
children can control three different cat toys at the shelter with the push of a button. then watch on the TV in their room as the animals react and play with them. system has already been installed in 10 shelters across the us.
'.sucks' domain names have been purchased by celebrities and companies. names include Youtube.sucks,.bing.sucks,. Visa.sucks,. Bankofamerica.sucks,. Yahoo.sucks,. Telusmobility.sucks. ICANN has sent a letter to the u.s. federal trade commission and canada's office for consumer affairs.
reference to a swindler ('trapacero') was introduced late last year. it followed complaints about the 22nd edition entry. the Gypsy secretariat foundation are leading the campaign. they hope to use it to raise awareness of discrimination against gypsies.
sheriff Stanley Glanz said in a press conference on Monday that the special FBI agent in charge of the state of Oklahoma, Jim Finch, had informed him of the investigation's results. 'he told me the FBI has completed their investigation and they found no wrongdoing at the sheriff's office,' said Glanz, who also said there were no civil rights violations in the incident. Robert Bates, a 73-year-old reserve deputy, says he mistook his handgun
a relative of tyrannosaurs, called daspletosaurus, may have indulged in cannibalism. scientists have found bite marks on the fossilised skull of a juvenile. some of the injuries appear to have been sustained during combat. others appear to have occurred after death, suggesting another Daspletosaurus fed on the youngster's body.
len Barnes, 57, from stockton, battled the life-threatening condition. suffered bouts of diarrhoea, lost his appetite and endured continuous pain. specialists suggested a faecal transplant, with stools donated by daughter. procedure aims to re-balance the bacteria in the gut, by introducing bacteria from the faeces of healthy people.
the 61-year-old actor spoke out while promoting his upcoming film the forger. 'i haven't experienced anything that the hearsay has (claimed), so why would I communicate something that wasn't true for me?' he said. he then spoke for the only celebrity whose dealings with Scientology get more screen time in the documentary than his own, Tom cruise.
two masked men armed with handguns have robbed three banks in the Pittsburgh area so far this year, most recently on April 10. the way that the two men handle their weapons has led the FBI to suspect that the thieves are actually former police officers themselves. the robberies have become increasingly violent, with the criminals threatening kidnappings and saying they will shoot police if engaged.
thousands of accounts vanishing from social network last week. most of them claiming to be linked to the extremists terrorising vast swathes of the middle east. twitter's so-called 'violations department' suspended approximately 10,000 accounts used by ISIS militants or supporters of the terror group on April 2.
Laurel humes, a college friend of Rachelle and her husband's, is due in asheville, north carolina, on april 18. Laurel's husband and son live four hours away in asheville, north carolina. Laurel broke Rachelle's neck in a pool accident in may 2010 and she was instantly paralyzed from the neck down. Laurel's blood pressure is too low so she offered to carry the child for
the lowy institute report says the large number of australians fighting in Syria and Iraq represents a'serious national security threat' the report cites the government's 'troubled relations' with the Muslim community as undermining efforts at countering violent extremism. the report comes just a day after the news of the death of Melbourne model-turned-jihadist sharky jama.
Levi Jarrett millspaugh was born at 2:38 a.m. Wednesday, making him this year’s first Tax Day baby at Memorial university medical center. the donation, made by path2college 529 plan, is given to the first child born each year on tax day at memorial. this is the second year for the Tax Day baby celebration.
Jeffrey Walker told jurors that the Philadelphia police department drug squad targeted 'white 'college-boy... khaki-pants types' who were 'easy to intimidate' some of the drug dealers who have testified in recent weeks in the federal police corruption trial have said the squad stole as much as $80,000 at a time during illegal raids marked by threats and physical violence.
mindfulness-based cognitive therapy (MBCT) has similar recurrence rates as anti-depressants, a study has found. over two years, relapse rates were 44 per cent in the MBCT group compared to 47 per cent in the medication group. this suggests it offers an 'alternative treatment' for those averse to drugs.
a guard at the u.s. census bureau in suitland, Maryland was shot in the abdomen and later died. authorities locked down the campus just before 8pm amid reports the shooter had barricaded himself somewhere inside. however, the shooter had instead taken some three dozen police officers on a wild chase back into d.c. that ended when officers shot him. now police believe the suspect, only described as a man in his 30s or 40s, may even be tied to another shooting that
a man in a 'distinctive' cartoon mask robbed a dairy in east christchurch. the offender was snapped on security footage in a sweatshirt and oversized mask. he made off with the dairy's till and about $1500 in cash on Saturday. police say there were no signs of any weapons used but the robber remains at large.
one in four of this cohort had some sympathy with those who join ISIS. eight per cent agreed they had 'a lot of sympathy' for the likes of Jihadi John. six out of ten strongly condemned those, such as Jihadi John, who have joined ISIS.
Robert bates, 73, has been charged with second-degree manslaughter in the fatal shooting of unarmed suspect on April 2. on friday, he appeared on the today show to apologize to the family of the man he shot dead. 'i rate this as number one on my list of things in my life that I regret... I still can't believe it happened,' he said as he became emotional.
the 'teabag' contains a blend of hops, fruit peels and spices. it promises to turn lager into craft beer in just two to four minutes. but professional breweries say the claims are misleading about what constitutes as 'craft beer'
Kenneth Morgan Stancil III, 20, is awaiting extradition from florida to north carolina, where he is accused of fatally shooting 44-year-old Ron Lane. in a prison interview from a daytona beach jail, he said he killed Lane because he had made sexual advances to his 16-year-old brother. 'he ain't physically touched him, but he was in the proposal to try to and I wasn't going to let that happen,
Marcel Hirscher created a rainbow run using coloured powder packed into poles. the 26-year-old skier slalomed in and out of poles filled to the brim with powder. the process involved 11 cameras, a specially-enhanced slope.
Weinstein allegedly groped model ambra battilana, 22, during a business meeting at his tribeca office last friday. police overheard a phone call between Battilana and Weinstein, in which he said: 'it won't happen again' he has denied the allegations. his 38-year-old wife of eight years, georgina, was pictured for the first time this week outside their home in new york city looking downcast. she was carrying
Lexy wood, 13, disrupted a screening of 'cinderella' in bessemer, alabama. her mother, Kyesha, reached out on social media to find a movie goer. she told Rebecca boyd that her husband had just been laid off. girl and her step-sister were said to have been 'rude and obnoxious'
damon has almost doubled in size due to swelling and bloating. diagnosed with rare autoimmune disease that can only be treated with high doses of steroids and a chemotherapy-type drug. the disease has robbed him of the ability to run, ride his bike and play outside freely in the sun.
Warren rodwell was abducted from his home in the Philippines by Islamist militants posing as policemen on December 5, 2011. he was released in march 2013 after his family managed to raise a significant ransom and has spent time since recovering from his physical and psychological injurious. under Australian law, the survivors and families of victims of overseas attacks can claim up to $75,000 in compensation. but for that to happen, prime minister tony abbott would have to declare his kidnapping a terrorist event
the hours and days the Lincoln tomb is open have been reduced, and it's staffed with fewer employees since state lawmakers last year cut $1.1 million funding for sites in the Springfield area. on tuesday — the 150th anniversary of the president's assassination — Joan boatz and a group of former bridge club friends found the tomb's iron door locked, despite a sign saying the site should be open. the governor has proposed eliminating the state historic preservation agency that manages
anjelica 'AJ' hadsell, 18, has been missing since march 2. the remains were found outside a residence in Franklin, 40 miles from her home. the body has been sent to the chief medical examiner's office. the FBI is now involved in the investigation.
political editor announced he would be taking some weeks off for treatment. but he expressed hopes he would be fit again in time to cover 'election proper' last night he returned to news at six to analyse labour's manifesto. his voice sounded weak and strained after treatment for lung tumour.
al Qaeda-linked networks have altered their tactics, according to a report. extremist websites have also released encryption programmes for followers. encryption makes it harder for extremists to be tracked down.
Lacey spears of Scottsville,. Kentucky, was found guilty last month of second-degree murder in the death. of her son garnett-Paul spears. she loaded the hospitalized boy's. feeding tube with a lethal amount of salt and kept on blogging. she was spared the maximum 25 years to life and instead received 20, showing no emotion as the verdict was read. the boy's father, christopher hill, expressed his hope that she would die in prison
Hanan, 19, was snatched from her family and taken to a warehouse in Mosul. she and six others were then taken to a house in a nearby village. there they met a fellow Yazidi girl who had been incarcerated there. the girl told them she had been beaten, handcuffed and raped. their captors warned them they would soon suffer the same fate.
spores from grilled fungi and bolete fungi found embedded in plaque. study provides oldest evidence yet that mushrooms were eaten by humans. remains found in elaborate grave in the El mirón cave in cantabria, spain.
Xiao zhengti was born with congenital biliary atresia in southern china. his body rejected his mother's liver, leading to repeated trips to hospital. father Xiao Kunqing was also found to be a match, but surgeons warned against a second operation, saying it carried far greater risks. he had 40 per cent of his liver removed yesterday, leading to a full recovery.
there were 72 unprovoked shark attacks around the world last year. three people were killed in australia and south africa. only a minority of sharks are any danger to humans, with great white, bull and tiger sharks accounting for the vast majority of attacks.
James Ritchie was voted into the job at the Tasmanian university union. despite his qualifications and no gender specified in the job description, the reaction to a male being offered the job caused huge opposition. the university's women's collective launched a petition to have Mr Ritchie removed from his role in the TUU.
twelve-year-old alfie underwent a general anaesthetic for an MRI scan. his owner, Lynne Edwards, noticed a lump behind his ear. when he returned from the clinic she realised something was wrong. she found puss oozing from his back and took him to a vet. staff clipped his fur and exposed the severe burns in his back. vets are now using an incubator to heat the pads.
Mike Lane, 40, was beaten by balaclava-clad protesters armed with iron bars. he was kicked in the head and admitted to hospital with concussion. a dossier of evidence, including names of saboteurs, was given to police.
capybara called Joejoe lives in Las Vegas with his owner Cody Kennedy. has almost 60,000 followers on Instagram and boasts over 1,000 twitter followers. sits perfectly still while three energetic ducklings stand on its head and body.
the Shire of Montana is set in a remote valley in the north-west corner of the state, 100 miles south of the us-canadian border. at 1,000 square feet, the underground guest house is built into a hill on a 20-acre property. there is one king bedroom and a smaller guest room, plus custom-made wooden furniture.
up to 2500 passengers are stranded on a cruise ship, the carnival spirit, outside of Sydney harbour. they have been riding a constant flow of smashing waves of more than nine metres, as storms batter the east coast. the massive swell, seen from video images taken from on-board, reveals just how treacherous and stomach churning the conditions are. the ship has suffered damage in wild weather conditions off the NSW coast and is due to dock at 7:15 this morning
Peter Garrett has put his family's home on the market and is hoping the stunning terrace will be auctioned off for at least $1.05 million. the 62-year-old has lived at the thoughtfully restored home for almost five years with his wife and three daughters. the property was bought by Garrett for $932,500 in 2010 while he was the minister for environment protection, heritage and the arts.
social services minister will scrap a provision that allows parents who don't vaccinate their children to claim welfare benefits. the changes could put millions of dollars back into the federal government's pocket. a 'contentious loophole' means parents can avoid loosing their benefits by simply signing a form that says they object to immunisation based on 'personal, philosophical or religious' reasons. doctors and pro-vaccination groups are tipped to welcome the reforms as a way to
Iona costello, 51, and daughter Emily, 14, were visiting Manhattan when they went missing last month. they were recognized by the front desk manager of the hotel they were staying at. police questioned mother and daughter and now consider the case closed after releasing them.
Jack Jordan, 23, proposed to his girlfriend from his hospital bed last christmas. the pair planned to wed after a bone marrow transplant. but last week he was told he was too ill for the operation and has just weeks to live.
the first contestant to press his buzzer was Tom, a freemason, who inexplicably answered: 'what is the age of consent?' viewers watching at home couldn't contain their horror at what Tom's answer appeared to imply and soon #jeopardy was trending on twitter with people voicing their opinons.
Warner Bros and DC entertainment attempted to set a world record for the largest gatherings of people dressed as superheroes within 24 hours. the event kicked off in Queensland, australia, with a celebration at the Movie world australia theme park. the largest gathering of people dressed as Superman was 867, according to guinness.
baby boy was profoundly deaf in his left ear and only able to hear 75 decibels in his right. parents Ahavah and Jason Cook, from andova, minnesota, were worried he may be born deaf. but last month, they were able to experience the moment their son was able to hear for the first time, thanks to hearing aids.
new book lays bare the little-known history of some of the country's most prestigious and best-known public schools. from the 18th century onwards there were a series of full-scale rebellions at the country’s public schools.
letourneau, 34, pleaded guilty to child rape for her illicit affair with her former student, which resulted in two pregnancies. letourneau, then a 34-year-old married mother of four, pleaded guilty to having another sexual encounter with her former student. letourneau's daughters, 17-year-old Audrey and 16-year-old Georgia, were born while their mother was out on probation in 1998. the couple sat down for an
the novelty sized pumpkins displayed at this year's show were cleverly recycled by being served to the Asian elephants at the popular Sydney zoo. the 728kg monster was the biggest pumpkin to ever grace a Sydney Royal Easter show. keepers introduce new foods and enrichment items to challenge and stimulate the extraudinary animals.
the los angeles-based company has shut down all of its brick-and-mortar locations, now existing exclusively as an e-commerce brand. 'we no longer have store locations,' reads the brand's website, while reminding customers that its 'online store offers the same selection of products'
Xue Feng returned to his family in Houston on friday following his release. the 50-year-old doctor served all but ten months of his eight year sentence. he was detained in 2007 and sentenced in 2010 on charges of illegally gathering information on china's oil industry.
Matthew hall, 25, climbed onto the balconies in of his victims and hid. he asked when confronted 'am I scaring you?' and 'you're dead sexy - can I come in?' in one case he walked into his victim's bedroom as she slept in the early hours. hall now risks arrest if he enters the area in the next five years. judge said he had 'deliberately targeted vulnerable women'
the designer revealed in february that he would not be presenting a collection at this year's Mercedes-Benz Fashion Week australia. this is only the second time the design powerhouse has missed the event in two decades.'my team and I just need a bit of a breather,' he said.
journalist and author of the best-selling book i quit sugar opened up in a candid interview about her battle with mental illness.'my anxiety brought me to a point where I couldn't quite see the existential point of continuing,' she said. while she hadn't found a husband, nor had children, she felt increasingly isolated.
Jay Kantaria, 38, had been looking forward to daughter's birthday party. he leapt onto tracks at local station of Sudbury hill in north-west london. but coroner recorded open verdict on cause of death. he died instantly of'severe traumatic brain injury', inquest heard.
at the age of 34, Sarah desperately wanted to get pregnant. after 15 years of hoping for the exact opposite, she finally got pregnant. after years of heartbreak, she and husband have two children.
the inflatable, nicknamed ba di doll, has appeared at a shopping complex in eastern china's Nanjing city. it features a ball pit, slide and climbing area, which can be accessed via the doll's right foot. cartoon images are displayed inside the legs to teach children about sex.
national institute on drug abuse in the us has admitted, in its revised publication on marijuana, that the drug offers benefits to some cancer patients. report states:'recent animal studies have shown that marijuana extracts may help kill certain cancer cells and reduce the size of others'
neo-nazi Kenneth Stancil, 20, allegedly shot dead his gay supervisor at a college in goldsboro, north carolina on monday. he was arrested on tuesday and extradited to north carolina. on his first day in court, he swore at the judge and said he knew he'd get life behind bars if convicted. he then repeated his previous claims that he shot dead a man for making
Jean and marc Wabafiyebazu, 15, raided homes in south florida and stole marijuana, according to the younger boy. the boys' mother, canada's consul general in miami, paid for the boys' private schooling. a raid on a house on march 30 went wrong and the older brother was shot dead.
south florida man, 36-year-old David Etzel, is accused of biting his mom's 10-pound Shih tzu named cujo then beating it so badly its eye came out of its socket. the dog's owner Michele Etzel said her son had been drinking and teasing the dog, prompting the dog to bite Etzel. a veterinarian told deputies the injuries were comparable to being hit by a vehicle or attacked by another dog.
the 60-year-old was called to serve on a case involving a car crash. sat incognito with the other called jurors and answered questions about his sister in Indiana who is a nurse and his brother-in-law, who works with the Indiana state police.
the photography competition was run in conjunction with an annual cattlemen's conference. locals describe the competition as a chance to showcase the best the bush has to offer. the competition asks for images that will illustrate the Northern territory's unique outback lifestyle.
four-year-old Rilie carey learnt the popular song at preschool. she was halfway through eating her dinner when she decided to perform it. as the number of ducks returning to their mother decreases, her eyes fill with tears.
'Marijuana is a gateway drug,' new jersey governor Chris Christie said, citing an 'enormous addiction problem in this country' 'we need to send very clear leadership from the white house on down through the federal law enforcement. Marijuana is an illegal drug under federal law. and the states should not be permitted to sell it and profit from it,' he added. 'i don’t believe we should be in the business of legalizing additional intoxicants in this country
Ashley pegram, a 28-year-old mother-of-three, went on a date with a man she met on messaging service kik on the evening of April 3. her sister reported her missing the next day and went through her account, where she found messages from a man who identified himself as 18-year-old Emoney bon. but when she spoke with him, it emerged he was 30-year-old Edward primo bonilla. he told her he kicked her out of
images posted on social media by disgruntled flyers and flight attendants. include feet being wedged in between seats or near other passenger's head. photos also show rubbish being trashed in seat pockets and bathrooms.
haley fox, 24, of Oregon, allegedly fractured 26-year-old Samuel Campbell's skull with a baseball bat at her home last Wednesday. she has been charged with first-degree assault. the pair had been in a relationship for around two years after meeting online.
Christine Lillico, 47, was supposed to look after her elderly parents' bank accounts. but instead she plundered their life savings to bankroll her own lifestyle. by the time her fraud was discovered she had stolen £78,000 over six years. she has been jailed for 20 months and ordered to pay her brother £39,000.
77-year-old woman was struck by lightning while sitting in her car. days later, after her vision became blurred, a scan of her retina revealed she had a hole in her macula, a part of the retina responsible for around 90 per cent of a person's vision. she was prescribed eye drops, but suffered an allergic reaction to them. she later underwent surgery to repair the hole in her macula.
Kevin Carr, 34, from woolacombe, devon, ran more than a marathon a day. he crossed 26 countries and got through 16 pairs of shoes in 621 days. he was also the first man to complete the voyage unsupported by a team. he was attacked by bears, hunted by packs of wild dogs and run over twice.
Ashton wood launched a campaign last year to help him destroy his car. he raised $18,000 online so he and 300 people could destroy it. the campaign came after he was refused a full refund or replacement. the car company requested he publish an 'apology' in a national publication. he will instead read it out on the ABC's 'the checkout' tonight.
former NFL running back is suspected of killing his cellmate in a central california prison. he is serving a sentence of more than 31 years for choking his girlfriend in san diego and driving his car into three teens. prison officials revealed he is suspected of killing Damion soward, a 37-year-old inmate from san Bernardino county serving 82 years to life for a first-degree murder conviction.
Joelison Fernandes da Silva, 28, developed gigantism as a child. his rapidly soaring height forced him to drop out of school due to bullying. he then refused to leave the family house for years. but true happiness eventually found him in the form of a 5ft 21-year-old woman he met online. 'the first time I saw her it was love at first sight,' he said.
Andrew 'Drew' Butler, 25, allegedly shot mother-of-three Kendra Gonzalez. police said they were involved in an argument when the gun went off. after the vehicle stopped, Butler got out and dragged her body from the driver’s seat and left it on the road. Butler then ordered the teenage daughter, who was with her boyfriend at the time, to get out of the car and take the baby with them, before driving off.
local residents are also getting ready for the wedding of their most famous resident. messages to the happy couple are in many of the shop windows. business owners have already sent gifts to the happy couple ahead of the big day.
a gofundme page set up by his mother, Laney griner, has raised more than $38,000 for her husband, 39-year-old Justin, who needs a kidney transplant. Justin's kidneys were discovered to be failing before the birth of their son. he now spends about four hours a day, three days a week undergoing dialysis. his face has since been used to create the internet's most positive meme.
Hilary Wilson, 41, suffered a cardiac arrest during a Caesarean section. she woke up four days later with no idea she had been pregnant or had a baby. it was only when she saw a picture of her son wearing a baby grow that her other children had worn when they were born that it 'clicked' that he was her son. the mother-of-three has defied the odds and made a remarkable recovery.
senior Islamist party official mohammad qamaruzzaman executed in dhaka. he was convicted of crimes against humanity and hanged on saturday. he headed militia group that collaborated with the pakistani army in 1971 war. group was behind killing of around 120 unarmed farmers, prosecutors said. execution took place after he refused to seek presidential clemency.
chef Aaron Davis, 31, was killed by a suspected drunk driver on saturday. he was walking to a parking garage when he was hit by a car. his wife, Ana, 28, gave birth to their son, Andrew, on Tuesday. 'andrew and i are both ready to take on this new adventure together,' she said.
Amy Murray, 23, rowed with cinema-goers during a screening of the film. people sitting in row in front of her and her friend became annoyed at them. argument broke out and she hit Jessica deadman, 23, while drunkenly gesturing. police were called to the century cinema in Clacton-on-sea, on february 18.
Billy Thompson was last seen on Saturday at Sugar bear's home in McIntyre, Georgia, where Mama June's daughter Jessica was preparing to go to prom. since then Billy hasn't been seen and he isn't returning any phone calls or texts. the family have filed a report with the local police department and are especially worried because Billy has been struggling to find work and recently suffered a difficult split from the mother of his children.
new update automatically shows the latest pictures posted to facebook's site. firm also said it had improved its mutual friends feature.
marianne has set herself a bizarre challenge to live by the rules of a different self-help guru each month. fed up with a life spent worrying, single and broke, she’s set herself a bizarre challenge to live by the rules of a different self-help guru each month.
geologist says he has linked the 1st-century chalk box to the long disputed ‘Jesus Family tomb’ in the city’s east Talpiot neighbourhood. the research could have enormous ramifications as it suggests that Jesus was married, fathered a child and that a physical resurrection did not take place. the tomb was discovered in 1980 and dates back to the Second temple period and the time of Jesus.
six men accused of exploding car bomb beheaded in al-mayadin, syria. they are marched to a wooden stump and told to kneel in front of crowd. executioner then brutally takes their heads off with a sharpened blade. footage surfaced on the terror group's vast social media channels.
secret poll shows that farage has fallen behind his tory opponent. he is in danger of finishing third, with labour catching up fast. if poll is accurate, it could end farage's political career.
model contains more than 30,000 figures and illustrates all the key moments of the battle. it was built in the 1970s but fell into disrepair before being restored in time for the battle's bicentenary. despite the enormous scale, the number of troops featured is just a third of the true number who were killed or wounded.
Austin carey, 23, and Jay rawe, 25, plummeted onto a riverbank when their parachutes tangled at the perrine bridge, Idaho, last year. they were attempting a risky 'totem pole waterfall' manoeuvre when Jay lost his balance and pulled out his friend's parachute. both men suffered fractures to the spine and were told they may never walk again. but a year later both men have returned to the sport they love.
63-year-old former air hostess has won £14.5m mansion from her ex-husband. the property, in north west london, has'superb views' over a park. it was one of five properties which developer bought during 14-year marriage. but, after their divorce, the woman moved into the townhouse, claiming her right to live there as one of their matrimonial homes. despite her husband's attempts to evict her from
Sarah foot says her affair with open water began on hampstead heath after a local swimming pool closed down. the poet Byron called the experience a ‘buoyancy of spirits I never feel on any other occasion’. she now swims in the north sea off the coast of Suffolk.
front row guests at the maticevski show at mbfw australia were given a personalised tablet with their gift bag. but a few of the highly-prized gifts went missing when someone with sticky fingers snapped them up for themselves. celebrities including singer Jessica Mauboy, model maddison brow, and fashion editors including Justine cullen were among the lucky recipients.
a fiery stoush erupted between news corp australia and a senator. senator Christine milne questioned why the company runs a national newspaper at a multi-million dollar loss. when news corp australia CEO Julian Clarke defended the newspaper as the 'finest national newspaper operating in australia' he fired back: 'you're a minority'
lateral orbitofrontal cortex and posterior cigulate cortex were thinner in those women taking the oral contraceptive. the lateral orbitofrontal cortex plays an important role in regulating a person's emotions and their response to rewards. researchers believe it could account for increased anxiety and depressive symptoms experienced by some women on the Pill.
Walmart was ranked number 67 in consumer reports' annual supermarket survey. the retailer has consistently been one of the lowest-rated grocers since 2005. however, it was noted for its better-than-average prices.
Hassan Munshi and Talha asmal believed to have traveled to Syria. hassan is allegedly related to Hammaad munshi, who was arrested by counter-terrorism police at the age of 15 back in 2006. he was later convicted over his role in a brutal plan to murder non-Muslims.
mother-of-two Elisha Wilson beach, from los angeles, posted the image on social media. the picture has been shared more than 25,000 times and has been liked on facebook more than 211,000 times. the picture has divided the internet community with many criticizing her unapologetic approach to multi-tasking.
pica is an eating disorder that makes people crave non-food substances. new yorker, Silvia, suffers from pica during her third pregnancy. in the programme she is seen picking up tiny rocks outside her house.
Martynas kupstys spent three hours sitting on a bus stop across the road. the killer was on trial at the time for the murder of Ivans zdanovics. he also posted a video of himself brandishing a large meat cleaver. he also uploaded a photograph of himself standing beside a waxwork of nazi dictator adolf Hitler.
for a limited time Starbucks will be introducing the S'more Frappuccino which is scheduled to hit stored on Tuesday, April 28. bottles of the flavor have been on sale in grocery stores since last month. the drink will be made with a combination of marshmallow whipped cream, milk chocolate sauce, graham crackers, coffee, milk and ice.
warning for a tsunami as big as one metre (three feet) cancelled on monday. waves possible on several islands in the southern Okinawa chain after a very shallow quake centred on Yonaguni in the southwest, near Taiwan. witnesses said buildings swayed in Taipei but there was no visible damage.
Izzat Ibrahim al-Douri, 72, died in fighting with government troops on friday. his body was returned to baghdad today and delivered to the ministry of health. crowds gathered to get a closer look at the former right-hand man of saddam. he was deputy to the dictator when he was deposed following 2003 invasion. al-Douri was ranked sixth on the us military's most-wanted list of 55.
Margaret Tyler, 71, has been collecting royal-themed knick-knacks for 40 years. her collection now fills four whole rooms, including one dedicated to princess Diana. the mother-of-four says she has no plans to stop collecting.
major-general alastair Duncan is in a psychiatric unit following an episode. he was given the drug Lariam prior to a deployment to Sierra Leone. critics say it is an escalating'scandal' as the mod ignores appeals to stop prescribing it.
15 men arrested on suspicion of 'aggravated murder motivated by religious hate' fight broke out on rubber dinghy carrying 105 migrants from Libya to Sicily. witnesses say men 'professing the Christian faith' were thrown to their deaths.
Christy Mack, 23, was attacked in her home in las vegas nine months ago. claims MMA fighter Jonathan Paul Koppenhaver, 33, beat her. he also cut off her hair with a blunt knife in the scuffle. she was left with 18 broken bones, a broken nose, a ruptured kidney, a ruptured liver, missing teeth, and a fractured rib. now, nine months later, she has to wear glasses and a wig
the 26-year-old is believed to have been murdered after she disappeared from her workplace, Leeton high school, on April 5. her body was found by police in cocoparra national park, north of Griffith, on April 10. a memorial service will take place on Wednesday afternoon in Eugowra in NSW’s central west. family, friends, students and even strangers will remember the brunette at 'eat your greens' function centre - the location where Stephanie had planned to celebrate her wedding
the choice of ice cream makers has never been wider. MANDY franCIS tried out the best brands on the high street.
royal couple are turning their new country bolt hole, anmer hall, into a secluded fortress home. aides have confirmed that the Cambridges will head to anmer after the birth.
sailors on board the Admiral Kuznetsov came up with novel way of cleaning decks. strapped an old jet engine to the front of a tractor and used it as a leaf blower. debris on carrier decks can potentially get sucked into jet planes' engines. even a single stray nut or bolt could spell disaster for the pilot.
the two continents are linked at Panama, but there has been a debate about when this land bridge first appeared, with most experts placing its formation at about 3 million years ago. the new study presents evidence that the Panama land bridge formed at least 10 million years earlier.
Detailed constituency surveys suggest labour faces an unprecedented wipeout. nationalists are also on course to wipe out the liberal democrats in scotland. survey suggests labour could lose all 41 seats it won in 2010.
Brian and Joan Ogden, from wigan, had been out for a meal. were on their way back into the hotel don pancho when they were robbed. pickedpocket in purple sneakily handed wallet to her accomplice. couple followed crooks out of the hotel and asked for the wallet back.
taming frizzy hair can be a constant battle. we sent Deborah to the salon for the Nanokeratin System Hair Relaxing Treatment. it promises frizz-free hair for up to four months.
scientists at the rockefeller university in new york believe a new antibody therapy could lead to a new HIV vaccine. antibody was designed to block the key viral protein receptor. as a result patients injected with the antibody during the trials saw a 300-fold reduction in their viral load. scientists hope the breakthrough will result in new therapeutic vaccines.
Ted Cruz implied during a conversation with daily mail online on Saturday that if he ascended to the highest elected office he wouldn't make his attorney general enforce federal laws pertaining to marijuana. the position stands in contrast to the views of at least three of his GOP competitors, who last week said they'd lay the hammer down on Colorado and washington for flouting federal law. 'it is lawless for the attorney general simply with a stroke of a pen to say we will not enforce these
Roman abramovich has bought Tel aviv's Varsano hotel for £17.1m. the 19th century hotel complex is listed as a preserved building. it consists of a main building with a large lobby, dining room and two studio suites, and six more bedrooms in three separate villas.
rogue staff deliberately obstructing investigation into payment protection insurance complaints. they deleted records and tampered with evidence to make it look like the customer was never sold PPI. calls for criminal charges to be brought over extraordinary cover-up.
the Baltimore police department has used cellphone surveillance equipment 4,300 times since 2007. a detective said officers used a device called hailstorm, which can identify phones from a 360-degree antenna from about a city block away. the case resembles parts of the plot of HBO’s hit series the wiree.
Vlad Tarasov couldn't resist filming himself ski down the slopes at Boston's largest snow farm located in the city's seaport district. the one-minute video gives a first-person perspective of pushing through the filthy, trash-filled ice pile that served as a dumping ground for the snow. 'i've been skiing for 20 years, but never like this,' said Tarasov about the'surreal' experience.
'very real danger' that ukip and dup could hold pm to 'ransom'. comes after farage offered olive branch to the prime minister last night. he said he wanted to work with him to prevent a possible labour government.
as campaign manager for Clinton's successful 2000 Senate run, de Blasio said on Sunday it is important for her to define her campaign message. he also said he wants to see her vision for addressing income inequality. de Blasio said he thinks she is 'one of the most qualified people to ever run for this office'
kite dubbed 'centipede with a dragon's head' was set to fly in chongqing. but it was ruled that the dragon-themed kite could not be flown. each of the 2,000 pieces bears the Chinese characters 'China dream' it takes eight hours to get full-length kite airborne.
Pleasaunce cottage in east grinstead has gone on the market for £985,000. it was built in the 1880s by RA Briggs, known as bungalow Briggs. the property has four bedrooms, four reception rooms and a cellar. historians are keen to put it forward for listing to protect its heritage.
the couple celebrated her award at the annual women of the 21st century awards luncheon by the women's guild cedars-sinai at the Beverly Wilshire hotel. she revealed that while she has a raft of hon o rs scattered about her home, she doesn't keep any of them in the bedroom. but her husband and fellow judge Jerry chimed in to dispute her claim.
the 29-year-old actress made the admission in a newly-released PSA for the center of reproductive rights.
Izaak Gillen, seven months, was taken to hospital on April 6 with a skull fracture and pronounced dead the next day. detectives concluded he was at his babysitter's house when he sustained a skull fracture and were able to perform an autopsy. the state medical examiner's office determined the child's manner of death was a homicide after conducting an autopsy. the boy's parents, Justin and stacey, said they are deeply saddened by the loss
researchers studied 40 million posts by 1.7 million users on news site CNN.com, political news site Breitbart.com and gaming site IGN.com. they then divided users into those most likely to be banned, called Future-Banned Users (FBUs), and other users dubbed Never-Banned Users (NBUs) trolls are more likely to veer off-topic and have fewer similarities in terms of language and content compared to posts by other users.
the unidentified teenager is a victim and was released on Monday from juvenile detention into the custody of county child protective services. the four-month-old child was released from a hospital and turned over on Monday to the custody of Clark county child protective services. police in north las vegas are continuing to probe what they have described as a three-generation case of child abuse involving the girl's mother, Kellie Cherie Phillips, 38, and a man she described as her stepfather, Jond
Polish foreign minister grzegorz Schetyna said he expected him to say sorry so the matter can be settled. comments are particularly offensive to poles because they had no role in running Auschwitz and other death camps. in all, 6 million polish citizens were killed during the war, about half of them Jewish and the other half Christians.
geologist believes a site in west Java is revered because it hides an ancient temple built between 9,000 and 20,000 years ago. if true, the claim could rewrite prehistory in the region and shed light on a powerful and advanced ancient civilisation. megalithic site of gunung padang was discovered in 1914 and is the largest site of its kind in Indonesia. it is nestled among volcanoes, banana palms and tea plantations, at 2,903 ft (885 metres)
Dr Sahar hussain, 53, panicked when she was unable to get through the gates at Leicester square station. she started ranting at staff, shouting: 'i'm a doctor. get me through the gate, I'm going to miss my train'. she denied assaulting the two workers, saying she was worried about being stranded on her own in central London because she is a Muslim woman. but she has now been found guilty and ordered to pay a total
sheldon nadelman, 80, served drinks to pimps, prostitutes and destitute new yorkers floating around the port authority bus terminal. he photographed the women as they came in at eight in the morning for three shots of cognac before going out to walk the streets. nadelman's photos have been digitized by his son Stefan and show a side of times square that has disappeared in the glare of electric advertisements.
the immersive headset is available from firebox for £29.95 ($45) it works with any android and iOS phone that can run virtual reality apps from the respective stores, and will play any 3D movie. the maximum size of compatible devices is 3.5 x 5.7-inches (8.2 x 15.4cm) however, in theory any device with a screen that fits these measurements and can run a 3D movie or virtual reality apps will work.
divers Margo Sanchez and Stephanie Adamson have been snapping underwater life for nearly a decade. selfie sticks have helped them get incredible shots next to some of the most dangerous sea creatures in the ocean. the pair have travelled as far afield as Papua new guinea, the maldives and the virgin islands to take the photos.
air crash investigators have recovered more body parts and debris from the site where MH17 fell in eastern Ukraine nine months ago. the Dutch-led team this week also found personal possessions including jewellery after the plane was downed by a suspected Russian-made missile. mailonline also found a charred passport of a Malaysian mother killed in the horror. relatives of Mabel Anthonysamy soosai, 45, whose husband and son were also killed, called for urgent action to clear the site
Emma Dickson, 31, thought she would be planning her wedding to fiance. but ended up talking to him about her funeral when she was taken to hospital. she had blood clots in her lungs which caused her left lung to collapse. doctors told her she had developed the clot as a result of taking the pill. clots can be caused by the synthetic hormones in the contraceptive pill.
the homeless period project aims to shred the taboo around females living on the streets and their monthly cycle. it is encouraging people to donate tampons and towels to their local homeless shelter. a campaign video tells the story of a woman called Patricia, who slept rough on the streets of Brixton for six months and was forced to use makeshift sanitary products.
Clark elmore was convicted of killing his 14-year-old stepdaughter in 1995. he said she threatened to reveal he had molested her as a child. after she went missing, he pretended he was grieving and helped find her. he claimed his constitutional rights were violated during the trial. the 9th us circuit court of Appeals confirmed the decision was correct.
Brad Reynolds, 38, has become the travel website's most prolific contributor. he has written more than 3,300 reviews and uploaded nearly 40,000 photos. the former expat from oklahoma now lives in his home of hong kong. his reviews have been read by millions of travellers around the world.
the Volkswagen westfalia camper will be reborn as an electric vehicle, a board member revealed at the new york international auto show. battery packs will be hidden under the floor and a small electric motor will drive its front wheels. no images of the new vehicle have yet been released, but a concept is expected to be revealed in two to five years' time.
in an interview airing this morning, president Obama said likely Republican presidential candidate Scott Walker may change his 'foolish' position on a deal with Iran 'after he's taken some time to bone up on foreign policy,' he said. the president's jab at Walker departed from the white house's general strategy of staying out of the race to replace the sitting president. the current administration has been more willing to weigh in, however, when a presumed Republican candidate threatens to dis
the earliest wake-up time worldwide is on a Monday in south africa. on Tuesdays, americans rise at 7am and are in the worst mood all week. the best sleep quality worldwide occurs on a Wednesday night. more than half (58 per cent) of countries surveyed said they had the most restful sleep on this day.
clinicians in an 'impossible situation' as a result of the King family's flight. they disagreed with doctors who were treating him in the uk. doctors and nurses who treated him have criticised his parents. speaking out for the first time in a documentary by the bbc.
Barry and Patrick Lyttle were arguing outside a bar in potts point, sydney. after leaving the bar a fight escalated and Patrick was punched in the head. paramedics found Patrick in a pool of blood and vomit at the scene. his brother retaliated with a single punch, sending him into a coma. he has been charged with grievous bodily harm and has pleaded guilty.
veteran airman claims to have seen a 'giant red ball' in the sky. aircraft captain said object initially appeared as a white disc before changing colour. he said object glowed bright red for around 30 seconds before disappearing.
Linda macDonald, 55, was arrested for driving under the influence of alcohol Monday night in dummerston, vt. police say the woman from shelburne, massachusetts crashed her 2011 Toyota camry into a wooden fence. she posted a.10 blood-alcohol content - above the state's legal threshold of.08.
Charlotte bevan, 30, came off risperidone before her daughter was born. walked out of hospital four days later without shoes or coat. the next day, police found her body two miles away on a cliff face. coroner wants to explore 'breastfeeding advice given'
the former new england patriots tight-end was found guilty of first-degree murder and sentenced to life in prison without the possibility of parole in the 2013 shooting death of semi-professional football player. a jury panel in fall river, massachusetts, spent 36 hours spread over seven days deliberating Hernandez’s fate before returning a guilty verdict. following the sentencing phase, Hernandez was handcuffed and returned to jail. a first-degree murder conviction in Massachusetts automatically triggers
a middle-aged woman launched into a fiery spray about Islam on a train in sydney on Wednesday afternoon. police are now urging witnesses of the incident to come forward. a police spokeswoman said they would 'definitely encourage' witnesses of the incident to come forward.
Ayatollah dehnavi is a celebrity preacher in his home country. he has also warned that if women did not wear the hijab properly, they could inadvertently cause some men to become homosexual. he has previously preached that women must provide sex to their husbands at all times.
celebrities took to Instagram to show how they celebrated the holiday. kim Kardashian shared a snap of herself decorating colourful Easter baskets. myleene Klass shared a snap of her bunny-themed egg hunt.
chimps in Kibale national park in Uganda have learned to look for traffic. dominant males will wait to ensure younger chimps cross safely. it is the first time chimps have been seen to change their behaviour. wild chimps in Uganda eat three different types of leaf while consuming meat they had caught.
groom's brother loses control of gun as he fires celebratory round. bullets ricochet off walls as guests dive for cover. 30-second clip has been viewed nearly 140,000 times.
health minister has slammed celebrity chef for promoting fluoride-free water. it comes after concerned medical professionals described his standpoint as misinformed and a potentially dangerous lifestyle choice. she said she was 'highly disappointed' to see him use his power as a high profile media personality to influence in areas he had no expertise.
the two announced they were 'consciously uncoupling' in march 2014. the divorce documents are reportedly signed and will be filed on monday. they have been using their business managers to work out a settlement agreement involving both property and custody.
over 700 guests gathered to celebrate the launch of burberry's new flagship store in beverley hills, los angeles. the event also marked the launch of its new flagship store on rodeo drive that opened in November.
review into whether social care teams could or should have foreseen circumstances of toddler's death has concluded it 'could not have been predicted' mother, 34, beat her three-year-old son to death before stuffing his body in a suitcase and dumping it in woods in Kircaldy, fife. she was jailed for 11 years last august after pleading guilty to culpable homicide and attempting to defeat the ends of justice.
Tugce taskin, 26, was killed after the luxury car swerved across a highway. her friend, 31-year-old Adem Kilic, is in a critical condition in hospital. witnesses said it was a'miracle' that he survived the horror crash.
out Came the sun, aimed at adults, and invisible girl, written for teens, describe Mariel's journey of self-discovery and reveals the true stories of the tragedies and troubles of the Hemingway family. both of her parents were alcoholics, and she recalls being woken up by yelling, the smashing of plates and wishing it was all a terrible dream.
madeline luciano allegedly allowed pupils to write 'ugly', 'annoying' and 'phony' she claims she was trying to teach them to be kinder to each other. 40-year-old has launched court action against city's education department.
sevdet besim, from hallam in Melbourne's south-east, was charged with 'conspiracy to commit acts done in preparation for, or planning, terrorist acts' he is one of two 18-year-old men police arrested for allegedly planning an 'ISIS inspired' attack on an anzac day ceremony. the duo were 'associates' of Abdul numan Haider, the 18-year-old who was shot dead after stabbing two officers outside a Melbourne
plus-sized model Laura wells has found international success as a size 14 model, including appearing in Cosmopolitan and australian women's weekly magazines. the 177-centimetre beauty was studying science and law when she was spotted by talent scouts in new york city in 2005. she said at first she was offended at being asked to be a plus-sized model because of her misconceptions about the term.
shadow chancellor said he was 'unequivocal' he would not allow pact with the snp. said it would be a 'betrayal of the english vote' and labour would not do it. more than half of Scots plan to back the snp in the general election.
former fat families star is an advocate of constructive fat shaming. believes we need to get tougher on the overweight population. claims these interventions could save the country and the NHS millions.
the texts targeted blacks, Mexicans, Filipinos and gay men. 'all n*****s must f*****g hang' and 'N*****s must be spayed' were among the messages. the messages were discovered by federal authorities investigating former sergeant Ian furminger.
the Securities and exchange commission announced the deal Wednesday, saying the thermal-imaging company earned more than $7 million in profits from sales influenced by the gifts. the commission said two employees in FLIR's Dubai office gave luxury watches to five officials with the Saudi Arabia Ministry of Interior in 2009. the company also arranged travel for Saudi officials, including a 20-night trip with stops in Beirut, Casablanca, Dubai, new york and paris.
$10 double eagles were almost all destroyed when the us went off the gold standard in 1933. a jury in 2012 sided with the government and awarded the coins to a family. the family found the coins in a bank deposit box in 2003. the government argued that the coins were stolen from the us mint. a surviving coin sold for $7.6million in 2002.
many teenagers are tempted to try e-cigarettes, but few become regular users. most of those teens who do try e-cigarettes are also smokers. this suggests young people are not using electronic alternatives to try and quit their habits - nor are they getting hooked on them after initially trying them.
state-funded oratory school in west london was ordered to revise admissions policy last year after watchdog decided it was biased against working-class and non-catholic children. watchdog accused school of cherry-picking privileged white children. but yesterday, this was overturned by a high court judge who said this decision was ‘flawed’ and ‘unreasonable’.
Denver broncos cornerback is being investigated for aggravated assault. reports of an altercation at a nightclub in Dallas, texas, on wednesday. Talib and his brother Yaqub had a physical fight inside the club. then a shot was fired outside, causing 'an immediate panic'.
just 250 jars are being produced, at £20 each, with proceeds going to charity. sales of high-end versions are up by 45 per cent at selfridges since last year. but does luxury honey taste different enough to justify price tag?
Kestutis martinevicius repeatedly stalled efforts to extradite him. 52-year-old spun out legal battle for nearly five years by insisting he was mentally ill.
clutch of sausages laced with poison were found on a popular walking trail. the sausages were so densely packed with poison that eating just one could have killed a dog. discovery comes after spate of dog poisonings in nearby Brighton and hove.
video of the february 19 incident emerged on tuesday and shows a cop car running into a suspect walking down a street in marana, arizona. local police chief Terry Rozema spoke out on Wednesday to defend his officer and argue that deadly force was necessary. 'that very well may be... that it's luck that he is still alive. the fact of the matter remains, though, deadly force was authorized,' he said.
Eurocamp's safari tents are more luxurious than an average stay under canvas. with big duvets and brass beds, safari tents are more luxurious than an average stay under canvas. the site is a quiet, well-established, family friendly site nestled on the banks of the picturesque Ardèche river.
the woman, 84, is in a critical condition after being run over by her husband. she suffered injuries to her throat and legs, as well as various broken bones. she remains in a medically-induced coma and police want to speak to her.
darlene Feliciano, 27, was out on the Makapuu 'tom-tom' trail overlooking sea life park along Kalanianaole highway in honolulu, hawaii, Friday afternoon when she slipped and fell. the unconscious woman was airlifted from the area but was pronounced dead just after 2pm. her 29-year-old male friend had to be rescued from the trail but did not suffer any injuries.
carwyn Scott-Howell was on holiday with mother, sister and brother in the Alps. it is thought he got lost in woods before sliding towards a 164ft cliff. family said his death had left them feeling 'utter devastation'
Coles has been ordered to pay $2.5 million in penalties after lying to shoppers about the freshness of its bread. the supermarket giant was slammed with a three-year ban to no longer promote its bread as baked on the day it is sold. the falsely labelled bread has generated an income of around $300 million over three years.
Prasanna 'Nick' arulchelvam, 34, died when he fell from a van in a car park. he had been chasing a gang of thieves who had broken into his van. the man who pushed him to his death has been jailed for 11 years.
photographs taken in ISIS stronghold of Mosul show four men being interviewed by the terrorists. they are then dragged before bloodthirsty crowds eager to see their executions. savage punishment is significantly more extreme than ISIS' usual punishment for theft.
new data shows how number of international migrants has increased by nearly 80 million over the last 25 years. in 1995, there were more than 154 million migrants who left their home country and moved to another for various reasons. graphic comes at a time when immigration is being heavily discussed by political parties in the lead-up to the general election.
disused Rhondda tunnel, which runs 1,000 feet beneath the Welsh hills, was closed as part of the Beeching cutbacks. project spelled end for thousands and stations across rail network in uk. but engineers are due to visit the 3,148m tunnel next week - for the first time since it closed - to see whether it is safe to use as a cycle route. it would also mean cyclists could retrace the route where steam locomotives carried coal from the Rhondda
the Randolph, in Oxford city centre, went up in flames this afternoon. smoke billowing from roof as dozens of firefighters battled to bring inferno under control. the extent of the damage to the Grade II listed building remains unclear. five-star hotel includes the morse bar, named after setting for scenes where Morse and Lewis deliberated on complex cases.
a defense petition to return 14-year-old Jamie Silvonek to the juvenile facility where she was initially sent after the body of 54-year-old Cheryl Silvonek was discovered last month was denied on friday. the teenager is charged as an adult with homicide and criminal conspiracy. her boyfriend, Caleb Barnes, 20, who is from el paso, texas, but was stationed at fort meade, Maryland, is charged with homicide.
the 2015 australian fashion report assessed the labour rights management systems of 59 companies and 219 brands operating in australia. only two of the companies could prove they were paying a full living wage to the workers in two of the three production stages of their clothing. none of the 59 companies could prove the workers at their raw material suppliers were paid a living wage.
video shows two of the £126million jets approaching RAF lossiemouth. first of the aircraft blasted them with the thrust from its engines. as the second jet disappeared from view, the video camera was knocked sideways.
Fanny cornforth was the mistress of pre-Raphaelite artist dante g. rosetti. she met the artist in 1958 and was considered one of his'stunners'. her face graced at least 60 of his paintings, including aurelia 'fazio's mistress' she died at the Graylingwell hospital in 1909 at the age of 74. new records reveal she was suffering from'senile mania, confusion,
Scott keyes, a 28-year-old writer for think progress, is about to travel 20,000miles on 21 flights. along the way he will be stopping by 13 countries in Europe and south and north america while enjoying first class service. all this for free.
David, 39, said that his twins are 'crazy eaters. they have incredible palates' son gideon loves clams, sushi, octopus, grilled pork, steak, parmesan cheese, coconut, and spices like ginger, mint, and cinnamon. daughter Harper prefers oysters, sardines, prosciutto, capers, duck liver, miso, and chocolate.
177 fire engines and 829 firefighters battled the blaze in Zhangzhou. the plant manufactures paraxylene, or PX, a chemical used for plastics. nine experts were at the site to investigate in the accident on monday.
amjad yaaqub, 16, said he stumbled on the barbaric scene shortly after the terrorists burst into his family home. he said they were looking for his brother, who is a member of the Palestinian rebel group who ran and defended the camp. his story was revealed as refugees in Yarmouk spoke of the daily atrocities they have witnessed since ISIS seized control of 90 per cent of the camp.
Cecil Hamilton-miller prosecuted the men and women responsible for running the notorious concentration camp after its liberation in 1945. he was responsible for the convictions of 31 concentration camp guards in 1945, including several key Belsen figures, such as camp commander Josef Kramer. mr Hamilton-miller, who died in 2001, struggled to talk to about the horrors he witnessed during the holocaust or the role he played after the liberation of Belsen. a photograph
Jayson McDonald was found hiding under a bed in Amsterdam in the Netherlands. while Paul monk was captured at his luxury villa in alicante on the spanish coast. arrested as part of Operation captura, a drive launched in 2006.
in one day this week the tory leader travelled to all four home nations. he has also had to wade into a number of arguments, defending outspoken ministers, and even got into a muddle over cream teas. yesterday another campaign gaffe saw him wade into the Cornwall Devon debate about how to eat a scone.
the former army chief is spearheading the operation to rescue around 2,000 nationals by air and sea from war-hit Yemen. he tweeted: "friends what do you expect from presstitutes...." the comment evoked sharp reactions, with the Opposition demanding an apology from the union minister.
Meter Maids started in 1965 to stave off the bad publicity associated with newly installed parking meters. local business leaders have labelled the group as outdated and no longer providing a service. they believe the group are violating the council's anti-touting laws by spruiking branded merchandise.
Joseph O'Riordan, 73, stabbed his wife of ten years eight times. he discovered she had been having an affair with a postman. she was left with life-threatening injuries to her torso, chest, arms and back. four months later, while on remand, he wrote to his wife from prison. he asked her to 'get my things together' before for his trial.
mother-of-three Samantha simmons, 42, has worked for channel 5 and bbc news as well as sky. in blog post, she describes 'working mum guilt' and 'blood and saliva flying' between her boisterous sons in the backseat. miss simmons is married to auctioneer Phillip Davies and has daughter, two, and sons, four and six.
five-month-old Elijah McCrae died in his mother's arms on Monday evening. his parents created a 30-item 'bucket list' for their terminally ill son. 'we thought we had at least another week,' said his mother, Jessica. 'he passed peacefully in my arms. they tried to revive him but we knew he was telling us it's his time,' she said.
'Space Bins' can hold two more bags than existing compartments on 737s. 737-900ER or 737 MAX 9 planes will be able to hold 194 bags. 737-800 or 737 MAX 8 planes will hold 174 (compared to 118)
graduate Jacob Phillips, 23, plunged down the cliff when he leapt over a fence. he had caught the cab home after a night out but didn't have enough cash. cabbie said he stopped because he couldn't see where he was going.
eO PP03 runs on 50 kWh lithium-ion battery pack driving six yASA-400 electric motors. it is capable of producing 1020 kW (1368 horsepower) and speeds of up to 160 mph (260 km/h), compared to the top speed of 155 mph (249 km/h) on the model s. the electric race car is set to compete in the Pikes Peak international hill climb.
Zoe had been battling an undiagnosed illness since the age of 13. inquest heard how doctors could find no physical cause for her illness. insisted on having a series of operations, including the removal of her appendix. also accused her father of conspiring to fake an operation to make her believe she'd had a surgery for a prolapse.
Bernadette Forde was found dead in a wheelchair in her home in 2011. the 51-year-old had a dictaphone which had recorded her'suicide note' her carer, gail o'rorke, has been charged with helping her to kill herself. the 43-year-old taxi driver has pleaded not guilty to three charges.
the average shoe size in the uk has risen from a dainty 412 in 1900 to a roomy six today.
mother-of-four leanne Bourne began to suspect her partner was having an affair. but it turned out to be her younger sister, larissa, who moved in with her. three years on, she says she is still struggling to come to terms with what happened.
Islamic State have launched their own social media rules to censor coverage on its recent defeats. specific details like the manufacturing of new weapons and any pictures of ISIS fighters, have been deemed as a breach of online security. rules appear to come after a series of calamitous social media errors by some fighters.
dais goodwin has had problems with head lice since she was 19. she says she has suffered with them almost 100 times since then. she says she was never affected by head lice when she was younger.
Shoshana hebshi, of Sylvania, ohio, was ethnically profiled at a Detroit airport on the 10th anniversary of 9/11. armed agents forced her from a plane, made her undress during a search and held her for hours. the federal government will give her $40,000 as compensation. 'this settlement gives me some peace of mind. now, I feel like I can finally put the incident behind me,' she said.
Peter reece, his fiancee, mother and six-month-old daughter were parked on an ocean shores beach on thursday when the tide came in. the tires of the car sunk into the wet sand, so they were unable to move. a police officer saved the family, but seconds later a wave hit the car, flipping it and pulling it out to sea.
Oxford dominated Cambridge in the 161st men's boat race today. both men and women rowed the same course for the first time. it is the first time both women and men have competed on the same course. president Constantine louloudis claimed a fourth and final boat race victory.
the attackers, two aged 15 and one aged 14, were arrested by on friday. they were charged with the vicious bashing of a father and his daughter. the 42-year-old had gone to pick up his daughter from the movies at Charlestown square in Newcastle, north of Sydney, on Sunday night when they were attacked. vision of the disturbing attack showed Mr Racsits being dragged across the road by at least three young men.
actress, 36, looks the same as when she was 22 years old in 2001. singer Pharrell has hardly aged a day in the 12 years since 2003. jared leto's face hasn't changed in 11 years.
cowboy builders left the family with no roof and just tarpaulin protecting the house. as a result, rain got into the property causing ceilings to collapse. the Beckle-raymonds say they are devastated at being 'taken for a ride'.
the modern-day Martin Burgess clock is based on a design from 300 years ago. it has been part of a 100-day trial at the royal observatory, in greenwich. time was measured using radio-controlled clock and BT speaking clock. clock has since been certified by the Guinness World records.
a new poster campaign shows Nicola. sturgeon manipulating a puppet labour leader. conservative chairman grant. shapps said: ‘the only way that Ed Miliband might crawl through the gates of no10 now is if he’s carried there by the snp'
14-year-old vomited all over the floor of a bookstore in Portland, oregon. the manager had to clean up the mess and said the letter made her day. she said: 'i'm sorry again for throwing up and hope you enjoy your ice cream'
around 16 million tourists visit Florence every year. the city contains over sixty per cent of the world's art heritage. new initiative set up by prince Ottaviano de’Medici di toscana is aiming to reclaim the city.
the 'yes means yes' law, which defines consent as 'affirmative, conscious, and voluntary agreement to engage in sexual activity' from each partner, was first passed in california in 2014. 'yes means yes' is a spin on the old sexual assault mantra 'no means no', which states that a lack of resistance or objection does not imply consent.
Nyia parler, 41, was taken into custody by authorities in Montgomery County, Maryland overnight Saturday. police say she traveled to Maryland from Pennsylvania last Sunday or Monday after leaving her 21-year-old wheelchair-bound son in a wooded park with nothing but a blanket and a bible. the son, who is non-verbal and suffers from cerebral palsy, was found on Friday night lying beneath a rain-soaked blanket and a pile of leaves, 10 feet from his wheelchair and the Bible
Philip and Victoria Sherlock have been living in their car for three months. lost job as a £400 a week gardener after stomach operation last october. they were forced to sell furniture and take out pay-day loans. couple celebrated ninth wedding anniversary by sharing a chocolate bar. businessman jasen jackiw heard about the story on a tv programme. he threw Philip a lifeline and gave him a job at a resurfacing company.
Aaron Hernandez was a rising star in the new england patriots' offense. he had a baby girl, a beautiful fiancee and an expansive $1.5million mansion. but even before the murder of Odin Lloyd in 2013, he was not the golden boy he seemed to be. after his father died, he had no one in his life to keep in on the straight and narrow. that, combined with his desire to be involved in the 'thug life' on the
slipper island is a 2.7 km long, 1.8 km wide landmass located 4 km off the coast of the new zealand's north island. the island boasts two airstrips and six houses, all with nearby beaches and sweeping ocean views. the sale has divided the family who own the island, with some of them claiming it represents' the loss of the family's legacy'
Stacey Johnson, 22, from much hadham, hertfordshire, was diagnosed with an inoperable brain tumour in 2007. she has undergone gruelling rounds of chemotherapy and radiotherapy. her younger sister, Dannii, 20, also had a growth in her brain. she had been feeling ill and suffering headaches and began to feel ill. she was shocked to discover she too had a tumour, although hers is benign.
Christine Davidson, from south australia, was diagnosed with terminal brain cancer in 2001. she was told she only had between nine months to three years to live. four days before she died, her family noticed her diamond engagement ring was missing from her finger. the family have launched an online appeal in a bid to have the ring returned.
clarence david Moore, 66, escaped from a north carolina prison as a 23-year-old in 1972. he was serving a sentence of more than 10 years for larceny when he broke free. he suffers from several medical conditions and cannot walk, but because he does not have a social security card or any form of id, he has been unable to receive medical treatment. on monday, he called the Franklin county sheriff'
Adrian Schaffner was filmed descending the ski runs of minschuns, switzerland. the dog appears to be enjoying the sensation of speed. after a long ski to the bottom, the dog jumps from his shoulders.
a new survey shows the SNP has almost doubled its lead over labour. 52% now backing Nicola sturgeon with only 24% planning to vote for him. the 28-point lead is nearly double last month's figure of 46% and 30% respectively.
president Barack Obama became the first president to visit the island nation since president Ronald Reagan in 1982 on Thursday. prime minister portia Simpson Miller told the president she loved him. she also asked him to exonerate black nationalist leader Marcus garvey, who was convicted in the u.s. of mail fraud in the 1920s.
the comedian has separated from long term girlfriend Dani Gabriel. the pair reportedly began dating early in 2014 and have known each other for at least four years. a source close to Noah said that they are still friends.
sheriff's deputies failed to arrest her uncle, Patrick Morrison, after he raped his mentally-disabled niece in 2007. the rape was among more than 400 sex-crime cases that were inadequately investigated or not looked into at all by the sheriff's office. for the next four years, Morrison continued to assault his niece and even got her pregnant - but the baby was aborted. finally, four years after the initial attack, the case was
Lily sharp decided to prank her own mother by faking her own kidnapping. she began by texting her mother saying: 'you didn't tell me the decorator man was coming mate!' she then pretends to her mother that the intruder had her phone. at this point her mother is completely fooled and calls the police.
Vin los, 24, gained notoriety last year for his tattoo-covered visage and his dreams of becoming the most famous man in the world. the Montreal-based model has landed a campaign for underwear brand garçon model that showcases his extensive body art.
Jill Scott was sent off during the second half of the women's super league clash at the city football academy. the 28-year-old apologised for the incident after the game. the midfielder reacted angrily to a challenge by the gunners defender.
former Olympic swimmer eamon Sullivan proposed to his girlfriend on a trip to japan. the couple met in Perth in 2011, and Sullivan proposed beneath a cherry blossom tree. the proposal took place in Kyoto, japan two weeks ago, and the happy couple are now back in Perth.
the limited edition watches are made with 24 karat gold, rose gold or platinum. they come in 38mm and 42mm sizes, with prices ranging from £2,000 to £120,000. the most expensive version is called the 'Diamond Ecstasy' it comes with a diamond encrusted face and bracelet and python skin strap.
poets house is a swish new hotel in Ely, a three-minute walk from the cathedral. it is as much a sex and the city retreat as a hideaway in genteel ely. there are 21 rooms, all with copper standalone baths near luxurious beds.
officers in mesquite, texas came upon the burning SUV belonging to 25-year-old hector valles, who was unresponsive and wedged behind the wheel. while the officers were still dragging Valles across the pavement, the fire in his SUV erupted ever further, fully engulfing the interior. tense moments pass before he can be seen to move his body on his own as the relieved officers assure him help is on the way.
public land managers are desperate to reduce the'significantly rampant population' of the pest. it comes after over 30 government bodies scattered carrots laced with calicivirus around public areas in march. about 70-100 per cent of rabbits die once infected with the virus, which damages the animal's liver and gut and causes haemorrhaging and bleeding.
the 73-year-old rose to fame as part of the duo Simon & garfunkel. his latest album, the ultimate collection, reached number one in the chart. it beat albums from more youthful musicians such as james bay and sam smith.
Sarah Watson, 34, had a brief liaison with the defender at a christmas party. but the fling turned into a nightmare after she was falsely accused. she was falsely accused of trying to extort £100,000 from the footballer. the high court has since overturned a gagging order against her.
a body has been recovered in the search for missing journalist Johanna Powell. the 37-year-old was on holiday in laos when a boat she was in hit a rock. crew, tour guide and other passengers managed to swim to safety. but she disappeared under the water and is feared to have drowned.
Cadbury has snatched two chocolate Fingers from its famous packs. move is latest evidence of how brands are cutting back on pack sizes. ploy means shoppers are subject to stealth price rises in'shrinkflation'
Bryan staw was left in a medically induced coma for several months. the father-of-two had been a paramedic for the San Jose Giants. two men jumped him and kicked and punched him until he fell to the ground. they continued to punch and kick the paramedic causing life-changing injuries.
the 33-year-old presented a review of the vanquish carbon edition supercar. wrote of how he pressed the accelerator 'flat to the floor' before reaching 180mph. added that he probably completed the course only two minutes shy of the record for a car, which is 19 minutes and 26 seconds. police on the island have confirmed they are looking into the incident.
tennis star and his long-term girlfriend tie the knot in Dunblane, scotland. the ceremony is being hailed in the town as the event of the year. butcher Connor Wilson has made'sweetheart burgers' for the big day.
five-year-old was taken to university medical center of southern nevada. parents said he complained of pain in his legs and was taken to hospital. family said he is conscious and moving around better since the stroke.
Ed miliband pledged to crackdown on illegal exploitation of migrant workers. he promised a task force to boost prosecutions and fines on bad employers. a new unit of 100 staff would work with the Gangmasters Licensing authority. but Nigel farage and tory immigration minister dismissed his ideas.
the 100 square metre store will open in westfield Miranda on 16th April. celebrity guests will be chauffeured in black cabs to the event. a limited edition 'boutique' line will debut featuring designer collaborations.
passenger Jin Pai, 35, was standing on the rim of a toilet when it collapsed. he had not wanted to let his bottom touch the seat because he was 'worried' toilet tipped over and shattered on the floor, cutting the man in several places. he was found bleeding on the toilet floor after he had telephoned friends.
Heather Mack, 19, is being held in Bali's Kerobokan prison over murder. her mother, 62-year-old socialite sheila von wiese-mack, was stuffed in suitcase. 'body in suitcase' teen could spend 15 years in jail for the murder. justice and human rights minister called in unexpectedly to visit teen. offered Mack chance to place baby with family to care for the child.
orrden Williams Jr. says he was outside a BP gas station in Memphis, tennessee, when a crowd of teens suddenly descended upon the establishment. Williams, who was with a baby, asked the teens to be quiet, and soon after was sucker punched and attacked. his baby was also almost hit by the teens, but was unhurt. police arrested 19-year-old Joe Brittman, a student at northwest prep academy.
Wiley bridgeman, 60, and Kwame ajamu, 57, were awarded a collective $1.6million from an Ohio court on friday. the brothers served a collective 66 years in prison for the 1975 slaying of money order salesman Harry Franks. last year, the three men were exonerated after the case against them fell apart when the prosecution's key witness recanted his testimony as an adult.
TV chef, 35, appears in cat magazine, puss puss. posed with pet cat, who loves poppadoms, tortilla chips and taramasalata. says her cat, Kimchi, has such a discerning palate he loves human food.
Tony Morris QC is mounting a landmark legal challenge against Queensland's speed-camera laws. he says he wasn't driving when his Volvo was photographed doing 57km/h in a 50km/h zone last year. he has invoked a spousal privilege case from 1817. it means a husband can't be compelled to provide information that incriminates his wife.
a 16-year-old who was born a girl but identifies as a boy has been granted the opportunity to go through male puberty. he has been given permission by a Brisbane-based judge to receive testosterone injections. the teen has been taking puberty blockers for a year, has worn a boy’s uniform for two years and most of his friends are male.
Luke Shambrook was last seen leaving candlebark campground in central victoria at 9.30am on good friday. it is understood he wandered off and has not been seen since. the 11-year-old has limited speech and his family say he is probably confused. a widespread search is being carried by a medley of search and rescue teams.
toby perkins is deputy chairman of the labour election campaign. in an email he revealed interns are paid just £4 per day for 12-hour days. labour is trying to get around the problem by saying the interns will be paid nothing at all, making them volunteers rather than workers.
researchers developed a model that combined long-term fisheries data with climate model projections from the met office. from this they predicted the abundance and distribution of popular fish, such as haddock and plaice, could fall as the North sea warms. this could increase the price of fish and chips or see them disappear.
Kazi Islam, 18, sent messages to Harry Thomas, 19, who had learning difficulties. Islam used 'cake' as code for bomb in his messages, the Old Bailey was told. he also encouraged him to buy a knife to attack soldiers with, the court was told. 'cake? u mean the b o m b,' the 19-year-old replied, the court heard.
Dave and Brenda Rickard were on holiday in north Wales when the drama unfolded. their beloved west Highland terrier Daisy fell 10ft from a quay into the sea. she was pulled from the water by a passing fisherman who hooked a pole through her collar.
Jarrett Stoll, 32, is the longtime boyfriend of former dancing with the stars co-host and current los angeles kings player, Erin Andrews. he was arrested on possession charges after allegedly being found with cocaine and'molly' in his swim trunks at the wet republic pool at the mGM grand hotel. the 32-year-old was released on $5,000 bond.
Peter Morris was devastated when his sister, Claire, died in a car crash. he thought she had died in a tragic accident that happened in 1994. but it took two decades for the truth to be revealed - she had been murdered. her husband, Malcolm webster, had drugged and then burned her alive. last year her story was turned into an ITV drama starring sheridan smith.
the woman was watching the Pittsburgh pirates take on the Chicago cubs. she was making her way back to her seat when the ball was hit behind. there was a net in place but, as she was standing so close, she was hit. the horrifying incident caused a 22-minute delay in the game.
a man was caught on camera savagely beating an elderly truck driver along the side of route 95 near Baltimore, Maryland. the aggressor, driving a Toyota, punched, kicked and threw the old man, who hit his car as he changed lanes and cut him off. that is when Tommy solis, who filmed the incident, drove by with a friend, and tried to break up the fight. the man refused to stop fighting, and got in the face of solis' friend
Natalie Swindells, 26, eats four bowls of the cereal every day. stopped eating most other foods from the age of two. believes overeating causes more health problems than a restricted diet. eats two bowls of Rice Krispies with milk for breakfast, followed by a slice of bread and butter for lunch, and two bowls of Rice Krispies again for dinner.
the case was dismissed with a court order stating that it did not have the jurisdiction to force the kids, son hermes, 8, and daughter Helena, 5, to come back to the u.s. Rutherford, 46, claims her children were illegally deported from the u.s. when a California court awarded custody to her ex-husband Daniel Giersch, 40, and she pleaded for the order to be reversed. but the dismissal states that she failed to argue why the federal court
Peter Kelly, a 34-year-old volunteer high school wrestling coach, was stabbed in the chest beside the st croix river at 9.45pm on tuesday. the two men heard three men being loud and rude on the Wisconsin side of the river and asked them to quieten down. for the next three hours, the argument escalated and one of the attackers pulled out a knife and stabbed Kelly in the chest. after the stabbing, the attackers fled the scene
scores of downtrodden Syrians wait in line for hours for food in the terror group's self-declared capital of raqqa. pictures were posted on twitter by a member of the anti-ISIS campaign group Raqqa is Being Slaughtered Silently. they paint a bleak picture of life spent in the dark and cold for hours on end.
the channel islands have never before combined to stage a big event. the ongoing Channel Islands Heritage Festival is a five-week hurrah of history, parades, concerts and food. liberation day itself will turn. St Peter Port and Jersey's capital St Helier into swirls of people and music.
the leaders of places with names like molossia, westarctica, vikesland and broslavia are coming together at the Anaheim central library this weekend. it has been dubbed the first north american gathering of micronations. these self-proclaimed countries print their own stamps, wave their own flags and mint their own money.
more than 200 friends, family and former patients attended hour-long service. many believed he was 'hurt' by a character in 'the unbreakable kimmy Schmidt' friends said he had been left 'devastated' by the character.
football-mad Logan kehoe, 13, was having a final dip in the pool. emergency services tried in vain to revive him using CPR. he was on holiday in Costa Teguise on the eastern side of island.
Ukip leader has resorted to traditional campaign methods to get out the vote. polls show he has fallen behind the tories in his campaign to be elected to parliament. he was out in Thanet south today after polls showed he had fallen behind the tories in his campaign to be elected.
liftoff of the 208ft (63 metre) tall Falcon 9 rocket was scheduled for 4:33pm. but poor weather conditions meant the countdown was halted at the 2 1/2-minute mark. the company will now attempt to launch the uncrewed Falcon 9 rocket from Cape Canaveral, in Florida, at 4:10 pm ET tomorrow. if the weather holds out, SpaceX is hoping to guide the bottom stage upright onto a platform in the Atlantic Ocean.
the case of Shona banda, 37, was forwarded on Monday to the finney county district attorney's office for a decision about charges. possible charges include possession of marijuana with intent to distribute, possession of drug paraphernalia and child endangerment. Banda is the author of a book that recounts her use of a concentrated cannabis oil to treat her debilitating Crohn's disease.
squiggles are thought to be a 'code' for crooks to identify potential victims. other marks could suggest that the occupant is vulnerable. so far the code has only been spotted in east Kilbride, Lanarkshire.
anil saxena uses ingenious retouching to create pictures of anything from a zebra's stripes on the line to a pair of hands knitting a green field. the photographer who has a background in graphic design and cgi, initially retouched his pictures by hand.
art and photography community, boredPanda, have created a thread encouraging parents to showcase their 'true nerdy colors' the adorable newborns are seen in different scenarios and positions that have clearly been carefully arranged by their parents. one baby is seen as princess leia from star wars, wrapped in lace swaddling and sporting a knitted version of the famous hairstyle.
college basketball coach, a bar owner and a businessman among seven killed. they were returning from the NCAA championship game in indiana. plane crashed near city of bloomington shortly after midnight on tuesday.
18 firefighters freed white havana cob called cody after he went for a dip. owner Tracey Hannant said her horse looked like black beauty when it emerged.
'i don't really like Nirvana that much,' she said in a candid interview with rolling stone magazine.'sorry, promotional people, universal,' she said.
Tommy connolly, 23, had not seen his 17-year-old cousin in 10 years. she added him on facebook out of the blue in December. she was homeless, illiterate and 32 weeks pregnant. he picked her up from where she was sleeping rough on the gold coast, let her move into his flat and is now helping her raise her four-week-old baby boy.
the auditions for the nationwide search for a special talent will be televised for six weeks until a winner is chosen. the biggest star to come out of the show by far is Scottish singing sensation susa boyle - but she didn't actually win.
the island of saint Helena is 1,200 miles from the coast of west africa. it was discovered in 1502 by the Portuguese explorer Juan de Nova. at its peak it serviced a thousand ships a year and was a key stopping place for the ships of the east india company. it was also the place to which Napoleon was exiled after his defeat at waterloo.
spending on consultants has doubled to £1.4billion over the past four years. 'team leaders' working on aid projects earn at least £120,000 a year. revelations will return attention to britain's growing aid budget.
pastor aracely meza, 49, and boy's parents believed he had a 'demon' inside of him, and that he was starved for 25 days, being given only water four to five times a day. church member said toddler fell and hit his head several times, but she hesitated to help him 'due to his demon possession' police believe the child was dead during the ceremony but that his parents took his body to their native mexico for burial without reporting the death
a man has died after he was crushed by a garbage truck in Melbourne's west. the man was collecting bins in footscray when the truck rolled forward. paramedics tried to revive the man but he died at the scene.
the 'crystal clear' footage was handed into the metropolitan police by a worker. worker contacted 101 - the police non-emergency number - last week. believed detectives would already have similar images of the £60m raid. but force has refused to make the images public despite claims it is the best footage yet. comes after the force was criticised for ignoring an alarm that went off just after midnight on good Friday - four days before the raid was discovered.
a selection of 36 sweets including liquorice sticks, jelly beans and gummy bears on sale. all guaranteed to be free of animal products or alcohol-based ingredients. the 10 stores trialling the scheme include blackburn, bolton, Preston, Bradford, west bromwich, Birmingham, leamington spa and three in London.
father-of-six was attacked with an axe at his home in burnley, lancashire. surgeons were forced to use staples to seal wounds to his head, legs, and back. they managed to reattach his left index finger, which was severed. he is now in hiding and fears his attackers will kill him if he returns.
Oxford scientists say a Mercury-like body struck the young Earth. the object would have been the heat source for our planet's core. the same object could have been responsible for creating the moon. it also explains where some rare-Earth elements came from. and it could explain why our planet has a hot core.
Jessica knight has pica, a condition that causes her to crave non-nutritious substances. her mother, Kelly will, 36, says doctors are unable to treat her until she is six years old.
Amanda Taylor, 24, was apprehended in north carolina last Sunday following a multi-state manhunt sparked by the murder of her former relative by marriage, 59-year-old Charles Taylor. Taylor's suspected partner in crime, 32-year-old Sean ball, was found wounded on the Blue Ridge parkway in north carolina after the 24-year-old allegedly tried to kill him. the mother of two also faces federal attempted murder, assault and weapons charges in north carolina for allegedly
'the NYPD's first fifty years' is a tale of kickbacks, mob violence and secret KKK members. a variety of men led the force through its formative years, 21 in total. the first chief of police, William devery, was known as the king of kickbacks. theodore bingham held the post from 1906 to 1909 and was pathologically blunt.
Bernie madoff allegedly tried to persuade his drug dealer's girlfriend to become his mistress. a new book claims he put pressure on 'leah' to sleep with him. the model was working for him as a stock analyst and dating his dealer Silvio Eboli.
57% of adults in the uk claim to use a discount store like poundland every week. of those 53% are in the top a/b social class, who earn more than £35,000-a-year. news comes on the back of the massive rise in popularity of aldi and lidl.
reality star's app, Kim Kardashian: Hollywood, has 28 million downloads. users have to build a celebrity empire similar to the 34-year-old's. obediently completing mini-quests will win you cash and stars.
endometriosis is a condition where bits of the uterus lining grow in other places outside of the uterus such as the ovaries, bladder or intestines. 'normal' period pain can be fixed with ibuprofen or an over-the-counter anti-inflammatory. more severe symptoms such as nausea, back or leg pain or bleeding at unexpected times of the month can all point to endrometriosis.
divorced father-of-five allegedly targeted 11 cadets on military base in south london. it is claimed he then went on to rape one of the young black women. cousin of alleged victim told court he told her: 'don't worry, i will take care of her, i hope she is as sweet as she looks' he denies 16 counts of sexual assault and two rapes.
the explosion happened at the Fresno county sheriff's gun range. the flames shot well over 100 feet into the air, witnesses said. the driver of the front-loader was a county public works employee. ten inmates and the operator were hospitalized.
Terry McCarty was just six years old when he was engulfed with flames. his brothers filled a bowl with kerosene which was set alight and knocked on him. endured 58 operations as well as cruel taunts from bullies.
Sarah vine says the BBC need to look further than just men when it comes to finding a tv presenter to replace Jeremy on top gear. she says women love cars just as much as men. all the most memorable moments in her life feature the internal combustion engine.
the birth of prince george sparked a £247m sales bonanza in 2013. experts predict a modest sales increase of between £60 and £70m. however, the baby is expected to make more of an impact in the long term. scores of companies are hoping to cash in on the second royal birth.
the unnamed man, who died from variant creutzfeldt-jakob (vCJD) disease in may 2014, was a naturalized u.s. citizen originally from the middle east. the report concluded the man's illness resulted from his eating tainted UK beef before he moved to the united states in the 1990s. the extreme rarity of the disease led the man--who was in his 40s--to be misdiagnosed with psychi
Peter Tait, the headmaster of sherborne prep school in dorset, said parents have become 'dervishes' about their children's education. he said parents should take a back seat to allow them to develop naturally. he added that parents must trust those responsible for their children's education.
former another level star, 35, charged with common assault in february. he is accused of hitting 31-year-old glamour model in front of her young son. bowers, of no fixed address, will appear before magistrates next month.
Peter hiett, 49, worked at Feltham young offenders institution for eight years. he said staff would put inmates in a cell padded with mattresses to fight out differences. claims echo scenes from 1999 film 'fight club' starring brad pitt. staff afraid to visit some areas of jail for fear of being attacked.
the 37-year-old has defended her image against criticism that she's too 'hollywood' she said: 'it's a funny business and the nature of the beast with females is that what you get is not down to you'
Anthony barbour, 33, from Liverpool, takes his camera everywhere. once he finds the right location he will spend hours slowly rotating in one spot taking the 50 pictures he needs to create just one image. he uses a Canon 1100d DSLR with either a 18-55mm kit lens or a Tokina 11-16mm to shoot the photographs.
Niamh geaney, a 26-year-old TV presenter from dublin, teamed up with two male friends on a project they dubbed Twin Strangers. they wanted to see who could find their closest lookalike within 28 days. they were soon inundated with submissions from all over the world. incredibly, Niamh found her match in Karen Branigan, 29, a fellow Ireland native who lives just an hour down the road.
swan has released a top-of-the-range steam generator iron, for £279.99. but does it really make things easier?.
local parents have expressed anger over the loss of their children's 'favourite teacher' a week before students are due to return to class after school holidays, mothers have taken to a community facebook page to talk about how the 26-year-old's murder has affected their kids. this comes as police are due to begin an autopsy on Stephanie Scott's body to determine how she was killed. school cleaner Vincent Stanford, who moved to Leeton from Holland over a year ago with his mother and brother,
Gigi hadid, 19, is one of seven up-and-coming models featured in a fashion and beauty spread in all 32 editions of Harper's Bazaar. the spread is aptly titled Beauty Queens: Where Beauty Meets Fashion This Season.
the 'fullips' device, a sort of suction-thimble, has already been seen at west end parties. it works by creating a mini-vacuum while you suck on the apparatus. this draws blood to the surface of the lips, which swell.
Douglas Murphy, 47, was cleaning up after a children's picnic when he bumped his leg against a bin bag. he barely registered it at the time, but the scrape almost cost him his right leg. a cut so small it was hardly visible, became infected, causing necrotizing faciitis - a flesh-eating bug. so extreme was his infection, surgeons were preparing to amputate his right leg. but as they were printing out the
lesley conman and Kerry green's daughters were targeted by online predator. both girls were sent sexualised messages by an online pervert on facebook. police refused to investigate as no offence had been committed.
Nicola sturgeon is most definitely the most dangerous woman in britain. she is living proof that women become sexier with age, income and office. in 2001 she dressed according to the angela Merkel school of leadership. today she has shed pounds, bleached hair, squeezed feet into heels.
pingan's mother was in labour when she and her husband were hit by a truck as they travelled on a motorbike to a hospital in xiamen city, south-eastern china. both of his parents were killed in the accident, but not before the mother gave birth at the scene last march. the baby boy was given the name Zhao pingan which means'safe and sound' in Chinese.
dina Nemtsova, 13, made her debut in a photoshoot with fashion label. appeared alongside her mother and Nemtsov's partner, Ekaterina Odintsova. her mother hopes her new career will help her overcome the death of her father who was shot dead near the Kremlin.
$250 (£168) device recognises the electronic signature of different devices. this allows users to keep an eye on their energy consumption and control appliances. sensors are plugged into the house’s breaker panel, or circuit box. they measure differential voltage and current signals every split second. these signals are used to calculate power and energy consumption. when a device has been turned on or off, or a user returning home, they notify the app and services such as IFTTT.
Ashley jiron, owner of a diner in oklahoma, taped a sign to her window. it asked a homeless person who had been searching for food to come forward. she said: 'to the person going through our trash for their next meal, you're a human being and worth more than a meal from a dumpster' a customer posted a picture of the sign on his Instagram page. within a couple of days it had been shared thousands of times.
Virginia Roberts is being sued for defamation by high profile us attorney. Alan dershowitz said he wants to have her thrown in jail. miss Roberts has also been branded 'despicable' by model owner.
director of public prosecutions under growing pressure to stand down. Alison saunders was accused of ignoring the rights of victims. theresa may became the first cabinet minister to question the judgement.
tv personality was due to host the show on tuesday, april 23 this year. producers say they expect him to return to the show later in the year. it would have marked his first appearance for the corporation since being dismissed for hitting producer Oisin Tymon in a 'fracas' at a hotel over dinner.
individual will be allowed to buy up to £10,000 worth of Lloyds shares. shares were worth 78.7p when the stock market closed on friday. proceeds will be used to help pay down the national debt.
Barry Lyttle has pleaded guilty to recklessly causing grievous bodily harm. the 33-year-old will now be sentenced in Sydney's local court. the maximum jail term is two years, rather than the district court, where people could face up to 10 years for that offence. his brother, 31-year-old Patrick, was rushed to hospital and spent six days in a coma after he was allegedly struck by his brother.
Hannah was diagnosed with avascular necrosis in her distal tibia. the condition is bone death due to poor blood supply. the flow of blood to a section of bone can be interrupted if the bone is fractured or the joint becomes dislocated. the 18-year-old's weight-bearing shin bone has died from lack of oxygen.
the 44-year-old said she and Alice Arnold returned to the register office where their civil partnership ceremony was held in 2006. this time they did not have a ceremony at Chiswick house, nor invited any guests. miss balding has always made clear her intentions to marry once gay marriage became legal in the UK.
Joselyn alejandra nio is believed to have been killed and dismembered. she was found stuffed in a beer cooler just over the Mexican border last Sunday. gained notoriety in January when a picture began circulating online.
dorian poe, from burlington, ontario, sent his toy bear, called 'tikko', on a round-the-world mission in 2013. he was inspired by the story of a cancer-stricken girl who, unable to live her own dreams of world travel, sent her teddy bear in her place. he wanted to raise awareness about autism, so sent 'tikko' out into the world. the bear's journey has
motaz zaid was with a friend in parsons green, south west london. the group of thugs targeted the pair in the early hours of friday. mr Zaid, 20, was bundled into a Mercedes and driven off. his friend was stabbed several times in the back and legs during the ordeal. police became alert to the incident after spotting the stationary car.
Darren Humphries, 37, began throwing Cadbury mini eggs at wife Claire, 31. he flipped when his partner of 14 years refused to allow him into her home. forced the door open and grabbed his wife by the jaw. he then picked up a packet of the chocolate treats and began throwing them. he was jailed for eight weeks at Worcester magistrates court.
thug dragged partner out of bed, slapped her around the head and threw a toaster at her, court told. but judge says 26-year-old is 'almost too dangerous' for prison.
six-strong gang dressed in high-vis jackets were captured on CCTV working throughout the night after breaking into the basement of the building in the heart of the jewellery district. footage reveals they returned again on Saturday - spending another eight hours cleaning out the jewels and cash left there for safekeeping. gang used wheelie bins to remove millions of pounds worth of jewellery and valuables from the safe.
ocean photographer Lloyd meudell started taking images of the sea with a GoPro after being an avid surfer his entire life. he formed an obsession with photography and after purchasing all the high end equipment, he began to shoot ocean foam. the 40-year-old takes most of his shots on Kiama beach spanning to Gerrigong beach on the south coast of new south Wales.
far-right Afrikaner resistance movement (AWB) is brainwashing thousands of youths to fight for a separate white state. by day, they are pushed to their physical limits with assault courses and self-defence lessons. by night, they are subjected to vile racist indoctrination which many hoped had disappeared from south africa for good.
Zbigniew Huminski did not offer a word of remorse as he was indicted on friday. 38-year-old indicted for kidnapping, raping and murdering nine-year-old. despite being banned from france for earlier offences, he struck.
ABBA star unveils new musical project, a restaurant inspired by the show. venue will open near the ABBA-museum in central Stockholm in January 2016. aims to transport the party atmosphere from theatre aisles to a Greek taverna.
Arnold Breitenbach of st. george wanted to get 'CIB-69' put on a license plate. that would have commemorated both Breitenbach getting the Purple heart in 1969 and his Combat Infantryman's Badge. the Utah division of motor vehicles denied his request, citing state regulations prohibiting the use of the number 69 because of its sexual connotations. Breitenbach had been an armored personnel carrier's gunner during his time in the army.
Adam deacon, 32, appeared in court over allegations of harassment. a number of abusive tweets were sent from his account to noel Clarke's. prosecutor: 'he referred to Mr Clarke as a bully and blamed him'
father-of-three claims he was molested by peer in a game of hide-and-seek in 1983. claims he turned to drugs as a result of the abuse, which left him 'questioning himself and everyone around me' director of public prosecutions concluded dementia made 86-year-old unfit to plead.
unknown digger has been drawn into the centre of an anzac day controversy. his image was used to front woolworths' 'Fresh in our memories' ad campaign. campaign has been slammed for commercialising the centenary of anzac.
Cher Lair from Apex, north carolina, did not know the sex of her baby and gave the scan results to a baker. the mother-of-six found out she was expecting a little lady on Monday.
police in western australia have come under fire after reports emerged that hundreds of officers unlawfully accessed information relating to the arrests of fallen AFL star Ben Cousins. officers also reportedly accessed files containing information about fellow former west coast Eagles player, Daniel Kerr. an internal investigation is underway relating to access, but would not confirm or make comment about the people whose records had been accessed. the disgraced football player was arrested three times in two weeks in march, and another warrant was issued
the pound fell to near 1.46 against the us dollar, its lowest level since 2010. experts have warned of the impact on the economy of a badly hung parliament. there are fears it could sent pound plummeting by another 10 per cent.
Jackson byrnes was told he had a stage four brain tumour that was too deep and aggressive to be safely operated on. the 18-year-old and his family then took matters into their own hands and found the only australian neurosurgeon to perform the risky operation. after seven days of desperate campaigning, the casino teenager is over halfway to his goal with $47,000 being raised.
April was abducted from outside her home in Machynlleth, powys, in 2012. she was killed by paedophile mark bridger, 49, who was jailed for life. mother coral, 43, says she has been sent hate mail blaming her for murder. letters demanded her other children be taken into care.
Rona fairhead accused of being 'incredibly naive or totally incompetent' told shareholders she will stay on for 'a further one-year period' before leaving. HSBC insisted 'no decision has been taken at this time'
Mohammed suleman khan, 43, was jailed for four years last year after defrauding the taxman of £450,000. his nine-year scam was exposed after police raided his Birmingham home. they discovered plans for a £2.3million mansion in the attock region of Pakistan.
government officials have repeatedly insisted there is no evidence to support universal screening for group b streptococcal infection. this is despite the fact it is carried by one in four women and infects as many as 400 newborns in the uk every year. current guidelines only recommend testing women deemed to be 'at risk' a programme which offered screening to all expectant women at northwick park hospital resulted in not a single case of the bacteria spreading to infants.
the 39-year-old man was shot numerous times while sitting in a car in his mother's driveway at about 2am on sunday. neighbours reported hearing screeching tyres soon after shots were fired. the man's mother and several other family members who were in the house at the time are assisting police with their investigation. no one has been arrested over the shooting.
the earliest 'televisor' is expected to fetch up to £22,000 at auction. it was manufactured in 1928 - two years after logie bailrd first demonstrated a working TV system. the wooden set has a spiral punched scanning disc which has been fully restored and still has its original tube.
Bloomberg's computer system is the world's largest dealing platform. it is used by most banks and trading floors around the world. more than 300,000 screens suddenly went offline for several hours. reports suggest a spilled can of coke in the city of london office.
labour leader was jokingly referred to as the stripper after his battle bus was gatecrashed by bride-to-be Nicola braithwaite and her friends. one of the group spotted the leader's bus when she popped outside the Westminster hotel for a cigarette and quickly alerted the bride. after brief negotiations with his spin doctors, the solicitor was allowed on the bus and emerged grinning after a few minutes.
Marcin wasniewski, 34, from coventry, escaped death by millimetres. paramedics saw the scene and feared the worst. but they were shocked to see him emerge from the wreckage and walk away unaided. he suffered a serious injury to the left side of his face.
'when Hillary travels there's going to need to be two planes, one for her and her entourage, one for her baggage,' Rand Paul said during remarks at a new Hampshire GOP summit. 'i'm concerned that the plane with the baggage is really getting heavy and teetering,' he said, predicting that she'd soon have new questions to answer about her family foundation's donations from foreign actors. Clinton embarked on a cross-country trip in an armor
living dead clothing has been over-run by orders and enquiries since launching their new line this week. the company's website crashed due to the demand from around the world. there are almost 50 types of garments to choose from, ranging in price from $45 to $100. estimates from industry insiders suggest the coup by the Queensland clothes-horse last year to win the lucrative contract, will be worth tens of millions of dollars.
sales of UK goods have outstripped those to the european union for six months in a row. previously they have beaten EU exports on a quarterly basis – or three months – but never for such a sustained period. figures appear to vindicate David Cameron's'mercantile' foreign policy.
Edinburgh-born illustrator Lucy Scott created doodle diary of a new mom: an illustrated journey through one mommy's first year. collection features 120 illustrations, capturing everything from a baby's first lunch out, to a spot-on depiction of the constant sleep deprivation experienced.
the revelation comes just after reports that the former couple are embroiled in a legal fight over her frozen eggs. according to a report by page six, loeb claimed that vergara demanded her friend and employee serve as the surrogate over his 'objections as well as the recommendations of the parties’ doctor' on Wednesday it was reported that loeb has filed a lawsuit in a bid to prevent the actress from destroying two cryopreserved female embryos created through IVF.
Boris Johnson said a vote for ukip is a 'vote for ed miliband'. he warned a 'backward-looking' labour government would be a 'catastrophe'. tories are determined to ramp up warnings over a minority labour government.
the former secretary of state is expected to officially declare her candidacy for president on 'Sunday afternoon,' according to a democratic party source in Iowa. she will first put her name forward for the white house on twitter, and then barnstorm the Hawkeye state in what the Associated Press calls a series of'small' meetings with voters. a new hampshire republican political operative added that Clinton's efforts in the state are'surprisingly slow, given her primary victory here in 2008'
the 42-year-old man allegedly threw a wheel spanner at a night security patrol car. he then recklessly drove his dark blue ute at full speed towards the harts range police station just before 10pm on sunday. fortunately the station was vacant at the time before the culprit managed to escape in the smashed-up car.
nine out of every ten images of child sexual abuse found online in 2014 showed children aged ten and under, according to the internet watch foundation. overall, experts from the regulator removed more than 31,000 web pages featuring vile images of sexual abuse in 2014.
Neill Buchel, 39, was kicked, punched and bludgeoned to death. he was then cut into ten pieces and disposed of in a lake in dagenham. 'friends' were obsessed with extreme pranks from the hit tv show. court heard he was made to rub scotch bonnet chilli pepper on his genitals.
FBI have released images of a man they are trying to trace in a sex abuse probe. they found images of a 'pre-pubescent blonde girl' being sexually abused. one picture, which does not show any abuse taking place, features the unidentified man posing with her. they believe he may have 'critical information' to help rescue the girl.
between 2009 and 2014 a total of 617 youngsters aged under ten in the region either committed, or were suspected of committing, a crime. 41 nine-year-old boys investigated for crimes last year including five suspected of sexual offences. a nine-year-old girl was also linked to a case of criminal damage while a five-year-old girl was alleged to have committed sexual activity with a child.
two men pleaded guilty to using threatening behaviour in a Bermuda court. one allegedly threw peanuts and a pound coin at cabin crew. the other was accused of hitting himself on the head with clenched fists. the two holidaymakers could also face a four-month jail term.
Patrick Kramer, 33, is an artist from springville, utah, who specialises in hyper-realistic paintings. his paintings take between 50 and 300 hours (one to six weeks) to complete.
the 60-year-old was charged with two counts of threatening to kill and possession of methamphetamine and of cannabis. he changed his plea to guilty ahead of sentencing on tuesday. one 'threatening to kill' charge has been dropped and he has been remanded on bail until sentencing on June 26. the case has left Rudd's position with the top-selling band in doubt. drummer Chris Slade replaced him for a performance at
high school sweethearts Doug Wilson, 93, and his wife lillian karr Wilson, 89, died just two minutes apart this week. both were Alzheimer's patients and for the last couple of years had to live in separate nursing homes. one of their sons, Doug, received a phone call at 3.52am to inform him that his father had passed away. just five minutes later the phone rang again with the same sad news.
a clump of dark matter appears to be lagging behind a galaxy. this suggests it interacts with itself - suggesting it interacts with gravity. dark matter is confusing because it interacts with nothing - including itself. without dark matter, our galaxies would 'fall apart' as they spin. physicists deduced there must be an invisible kind of matter that does not interact with light but does, as a whole, interact by means of the gravitational force
professors at the Columbia university graduate school of journalism said the story fell apart because of 'basic, even routine' failures of journalism. nobody will lose their jobs over the story, publisher says.
kitchens sell houses. they are the heart of the home, the hub of dinner parties and usually the ‘debrief of the day’ meeting room. property buyers expert Frank gives his tips for ensuring great kitchen design.
Shelley dufresnein from. St Charles parish, Louisiana, took a plea deal on. Thursday that gets her out of serving any time behind or having to register as a sex offender. when she returned home from court she uploaded an image of her grinning to the social media site alongside the message:'my mood today' however she still faces charges over a threesome she had with the same student at destrehan high school and another teacher.
inside Harley street explores the question of how much people will pay. care worker Michael Pulman, 33, from Walsall, has spent £7,500 on a hair transplant. Emma tallon, 27, from leighton buzzard, paid £3,100 for liposuction.
man believed to be from mozambique taken to hospital where he died from injuries. at least six people have been killed and many thousands displaced since violence against immigrants erupted in the city of Durban. despite making 30 arrests overnight, police are struggling to subdue machete-wielding gangs who ransacked immigrant-owned shops. president Jacob Zuma has called for an end to the'shocking and unacceptable' attacks on immigrants.
sisters Destiny cooke, 16, and lajahia cooke, 17, were brutally kicked, punched, stomped and shoved around by a crowd of people in a park in Trenton, new jersey. onlookers videotaped the riot and encouraged the violence to continue. lajahia said one girl ripped out her earring out before the girl's mother threw a rock at her ear, leaving a gash that required 12 stitches
42 million children under the age of five are overweight or obese. 1.9 billion adults worldwide are overweight, 600 million of which are classified as obese. a recent survey by the British heart foundation showed two fifths of parents are badgered by their children each week to buy food after seeing it advertised on TV.
labour's deputy leader challenged over claims senior tories are 'posh boys' she insisted they were only'standing up for people at the top' but tory Chancellor said 'posh boy attack always sounds a bit thin'
Nicola sturgeon will unveil a manifesto including proposals for foreign policy, welfare payments, energy bills and english university tuition fees. several of her election pledges overlap with labour policy. they include slashing tuition fees in england from £9,000 a year to £6,000 and rolling back competition in the english NHS. others are calculated to drag a minority labour government to the left.
photographer Kenji Wardenclyffe captured the moment during a protest in Melbourne against the 'islamisation' of australia. a swastika-tattooed neo-nazi appeared at the event and tried to start a fight with anti-racism protesters. the bald man was photographed with one fist gripping another protester's shirt and the other raised to punch the man in the face.
April 26, 2016 marks the 30th anniversary of the nuclear explosion. in recent years, visits to the nuclear explosion site have increased exponentially. Kiev-based tour company, soloeast, estimates 10,000 tourists visit each year.
Nathan brown, 19, was working with his father David, an experienced electrician. he apparently touched a set of exposed electrical bars powering a crane. the shock caused him to fall 12ft head first onto the roof of a toilet block. he was airlifted to hospital but later died from his injuries.
Sudan is guarded day and night by a group of rangers in the Kenyan reserve of Ol pojeta. they risk their lives to keep him safe from poachers lured by the rising price of ivory. the 43-year-old rhino could live until his 50s - the last chance for any future northern white rhino calves.
coachella visitors pay an average of £187 per day according to travel money specialist no.1 currency. the likes of alessandra ambrosio and Brooklyn.beckham pay the highest-priced admission (£252), beer (£5.73) and meal costs (£9) of any summer fest.
Rachelle Owen, 16, was struck by a train near hoylake station, Wirral. her mother, 44-year-old Kay diamond, was found dead in february. a 52-year-old man has been charged with her murder and is awaiting trial. tributes have been paid to the teenager who 'just wanted to be with her mum'
John Daniels, 61, from dunsfold in surrey, has decades of experience working with animals. used clean white studio backgrounds and comedy props to capture the heart-warming shots.
Nicola sturgeon says 'direction of travel' is towards independence. but prime minister warns of 'frightening' prospect of nationalists holding labour to ransom and demanding they ditch new roads and hospitals in england, wales and northern ireland. he urges people to vote tactically to keep a labour-SNP government out of power.
Kevin bollaert, 28, was convicted in february of 21 counts of identity theft and six counts of extortion. he ran ugotposted.com and changemyreputation.com, which published nude and embarassing photos of women anonymously. victims paid $250 to $350 to have the images taken down. he was facing a maximum of 20 years in prison but was given 18.
fashion designer Georgina chapman, 38, said she does not want the accusations tied to ambra battilana and her husband to further embarrass their children or interrupt her business.'she thinks it's embarrassing not only to her but to their kids,' said the socialite who worked with the couple. Weinstein, 63, has emphatically denied sexually assaulting the 22-year-old italian model during a business meeting at his tribeca office.
Danielle and Alexander meitiv have been cited multiple times for allowing their son, 10, and daughter, 6, roam free in their suburban neighborhood. but the meitivs say authorities crossed a line over the weekend when they picked up Rafi and dvora and held them nearly six hours without food. attorney Matthew Dowd, of the firm wiley rein, is representing the parents and has vowed to pursue 'all legal remedies' to protect their rights.
the Shoe that Grows has adjustable buckles and a strap on the toe. it expands by five sizes and runs on power generated by your foot's swing. Kenton Lee came up with the idea while working in Nairobi in Kenya. he saw children running around barefoot and in shoes several sizes too small. he said: 'i really feel that we have created something incredible'
the self-made real estate mogul died on friday night at his home of a heart attack. he donated hundreds of millions of dollars to universities, hospitals and museums. his business success spanned from real estate and art houses to the hot dog-serving A&w restaurant chain. he also became a major backer of stem-cell research.
chancey luna, 17, was convicted of first-degree murder in the shooting death of australian college baseball player Christopher Lane. the jury recommended that Luna be sentenced to life in prison without parole. defense attorneys contended that Luna fired the fatal shot from a passing car that he was riding in, but contended that he meant only to scare Lane.
the NSW state emergency service anticipates calls across the Sydney metropolitan, Hunter and Illawarra regions. winds of up to 100km/h are expected over the next two days. the SES responded to about 15 jobs on Monday morning, mainly in the Sydney metro area.
this week survivors and liberators of the notorious. Bergen-Belsen camp in northern germany gathered to commemorate the day. British soldiers entered its gates and began the task of saving as many of the 60,000 starving inmates as was possible. this week survivors and liberators of the camp gathered to commemorate the day British soldiers entered its gates.
only a handful of traditional flowers still grow in english country gardens. average one contains four species - daffodils, crocuses, roses and tulips. survey of 1,000 adults by garden furniture retailer alfresia.co.uk. 40% of people spend more time sunbathing and having barbecues in garden.
coach erupted into flames on the A2 slip road to the M25 near dartford. fire crews spent an hour trying to douse the flames from the vehicle. fire believed to have started in the engine compartment and spread to the body.
Jessica Cleland was 19 when she took her own life last year. she received facebook messages from two teenage boys saying that they hated her, and that she was a 'f***ing sook' her parents said that Jessica's social media accounts were flooded with horrible sentiments the night before she died. they are campaigning for anti-bullying laws to be taken more seriously.
Tortoiseshell cat Mimi became an internet sensation after her owner uploaded clips of her playing the sport to facebook. the 30-second-video was shared by thousands of people around the world. it features the one-year-old cat playing with 15-year-old Joshua teague.
Lorraine Kelly, 55, has dropped two dress sizes from a 14 to a 10. attended regular Zumba classes with instructor, maxine Jones.
damon albarn has criticised pop stars for 'talking platitudes' the 47-year-old said they could be using music to make political statements. comments are timely as Blur release their first album in years this month.
US giant Morgan Stanley said prospect of a labour government would create 'greatest uncertainty' of any election result. inevitable 'anti-austerity' agenda could lead to 'earlier bank rate hike', bank argued. last night, a second major bank, goldman Sachs, also raised concerns about the same outcome on may 7.
a new study has revealed the changing habits of British weddings. religious services have fallen out of favour and brides are opting for bold colour schemes for their big day. registry offices have seen an increase in bookings by two thirds. spending on weddings as a whole is increasing, up by 3.4 per cent year on year.
entertainer, 87, said it can be'more cruel to do nothing' than dying. his first wife, Penny, was moved into a care home with dementia in 2008. he secretly nursed her until her death last year, when she didn't remember him. sir Bruce said: 'it bothers me an awful lot that people are just left to suffer'
Peter barnett, 43, is said to have caused a loss of £23,000 to chiltern railways. travelled from his Oxfordshire home to London Marylebone but pretended to have only gone from wembley, in north west london. the australian-born lawyer argues that he only dodged up to £9,714.40 in fares, claiming the amount should be based on the cost of a weekly ticket.
some apparently healthy meals worse for you than burgers and pizzas. asda's Piri Piri chicken pasta salad contains 46.5g of fat. this is more than the 43.3g found in a Burger King Bacon and Cheese whopper. pizza express classic margherita pizza has 683 calories and only 22.5g of fat.
lawsuit filed in california in a bid to prevent the actress from destroying two cryopreserved female embryos. the couple fertilized embryos using her eggs and his sperm six months before their bitter split in November 2013. court documents detail how the couple fertilized embryos using her eggs and his sperm six months before their split.
italian artist Johannes stoetter daubed water-based body paint on naked models. intertwined them to form the shape of a chameleon. models rested on bench painted to match their skin and held branch in air.
Danielle and Adam busby gave birth in just four minutes via c-section. newborns are still in an incubator but they're getting stronger every day. 'they're doing fabulous. they're so precious and they're doing really, really well,' she said.
boy was at star wars celebration convention in anaheim, california. dressed in a star wars t-shirt and had merchandise fixed to his wheelchair. blue and white robot followed him around and spun around in time. boy's infectious giggles can be heard in the video.
the USS theodore Roosevelt and the USS Normandy left the Persian Gulf on sunday and are steaming through the Arabian sea. the vessels are believed to be joining other u.s. ships that are poised to intercept any Iranian ships carrying arms to the rebels fighting in Yemen.
the toyal lotus lid is inspired by the water-repellent nature of a lotus leaf. it uses microscopic bumps to stop liquids from sticking to lids of pots. the bumps increase the contact angle at which droplets touch the surface, which in turn forces the droplets to form into spheres. on a lotus leaf this contact angle is typically 150 degrees, while the toyal lotus lid's creates an angle of 170 degrees. toyo
Dwayne Harvard, 46, was giving his girlfriend, Annamazzetti, a ride home when he got into an argument with Steven sutton, 36. sutton was furious that he was being given a ride and tried to hit the truck with a cinder block. as he drove off, he sat sutton on the hood of his 2002 ford explorer. he drove 11 miles and through seven towns before finally pulling over. Harvard has been
giant concrete arrows were once markers for early airmail flights across the us - forming the first land-based navigation system in the world. arrows were placed at the base of lit beacons near airways, showing pilots the direction they needed to fly in. the idea was that the markers could be seen for a distance of up to 10 miles so pilots could find their way.
Phillip Buchanon was a first-round draft pick for the Oakland Raiders, and seventeenth overall, when his mother made the request in 2002. Buchanon also played for the Houston texans, Tampa Bay Buccaneers, Detroit Lions and Washington redskins before retiring in 2011. he discussed the incident in his recently released book new money: stay rich.
the mercury is predicted to soar to 21c (70f) tomorrow, with forecasters warning people to make the most of it. ice cream vendor Katy alston, 47, known as Mrs Whippy, said the good weather has sent ice cream sales through the roof. she said: 'we have had our best April ever and I would say our turnover for April has trebled'
polished evergreen foliage provides a great contrast to the brightly coloured flowers of camellias. they are easy to grow, but picky about soil. if your soil doesn't suit, plant in containers in ericaceous compost.
number of deaths in the uk will rise by 20 per cent over the next two decades. a'simple' funeral, with a minister and an undertaker, now costs £3,590. funeral costs have already risen by 80 per cent over the past ten years.
a duffel bag containing human remains was found outside a biotechnology building in Cambridge, massachusetts on saturday morning. video surveillance of the area led police to an apartment complex across the street where additional human remains were found in a common area. all of the remains are believed to belong to one person, whose death is being treated as a homicide. authorities stopped short of saying whether they believed the person arrested was the killer.
the ten houses in australia that won't sell, despite being heavily discounted, have been revealed. a one-bedroom home in Oberon, central west of NSW, was listed 800 days ago for $299,000 but the price has since been cut by 50 per cent. a property in Kincumber, north of Sydney, went from $889,000 to a 55 per cent cut. a four-bedroom property in Queensland has seen a 45 per cent decrease in its asking price since it was listed for $1.5
Diane Morris, 46, is engaged to notorious father-of-40 Mike hopin, 56. she claims the two are 'crazy for each other' and have a 'great sex life' she has brushed off claims he still uses dating site plenty of fish.
luxury concierge service, bluefish, is offering the once-in-a-lifetime privilege. more than 40 people have so far booked the trip to the ocean depths. the unique dive takes 11 or 12 hours and takes in sights like the grand staircase and the Marconi room.
623 fires ravaged 600 acres of fields and woodland this month alone. fire crews in south Wales say they have been stretched to breaking point. officers yesterday called on parents to report children suspected of lighting fires.
migratory bird was spotted at a salt lake near the RAF base at akrotiri on the island's south coast close to the resort city of Limassol. normally, the graceful birds have a pink hue caused by the levels of beto-carotene in their diet. experts believe a rare genetic irregularity known as "melanism" can generate more melanin than usual, turning a flamingo's feathers a dark colour.
the oldest active pilot is a 95-year-old man living in Cameron park, california. the record was confirmed after weber proved he piloted a plane march 30 in placerville by mailing in multiple pieces of evidence. according to Guinness, weber was a flight cadet in 1943 and retired as a lieutenant colonel in 1970.
a 14-year-old boy from blackburn, lancashire was arrested on suspicion of helping to plot a terror attack in australia. he allegedly communicated with australian men over a plan to use knives and swords to hack officers to death in Melbourne on anzac day. the alleged plot was uncovered by greater manchester police who tipped off Australian authorities who arrested five men over the weekend.
plane tilted to one side and its left engine scraped along the runway. crew ordered an evacuation and passengers slid down slides. incident occurred as flight 9w2423 arrived in Khajuraho from Varanasi.
car left a parking lot at the ports of call entertainment area of san Pedro shortly after 6pm and ran off the road at Berth 73 of the port of los angeles. the car traveled some distance before lurching into the harbor, where it landed upside down in about 30 feet of water just off of Berth 73. two adults were found swimming in the water when rescuers arrived. two children pulled from the submerged vehicle were hospitalized in grave condition until one later died.
deep brain stimulation (DBS) is already used to treat Parkinson's disease. new research shows it could be used to improve brain function and memory. 'pacemaker' fitted with electrodes is inserted directly into the skull. device sends electrical impulses to specific parts of the brain.
designer Alannah hill was diagnosed with an invasive malignant melanoma. she has had part of her toe removed and a skin graft from her inner thigh. after about a week doctors will decide if she needs more treatment. hill is taking a three-month break from her new clothing label - Louise love.
families say they are being 'held to ransom' by gangs of yobs. youngsters are blatantly carrying air rifles and BB guns through estate. one brave neighbour who confronted youths was allegedly fired at.
red wine is red because of pigments known as anthocyanins, which are alcohol soluble. when higher concentrations of clear alcohol are poured onto the stain, the colours dissolve into the liquid rather than drying into the carpet. vinegar is a fantastic cleaner and the secret to its cleaning capacity is acetic acid.
judges order parents of nine children involved in plots to travel to Syria to have their identities hidden. they include three terror suspects who have all previously been named. also among the parents are a couple who lied to the authorities about losing their daughter’s passport.
John coyne, 56, ran the prince of wales pub in harrow road, central london. he attacked his 25-year-old victim who had fallen unconscious after a night of drinking in October last year. the victim woke at around 3am to find coyne raping him. coyne still denied the crimes but was found guilty by a jury.
cereal giant warns profits could be hit by government moves to close tax loopholes. its two main UK subsidiaries are owned by operation based in republic of ireland. latest figures show Kellogg’s paid no corporation tax in Britain in 2013.
Beth hall, 24, from cambridge, plummeted to a tiny 4st 13lb. at the height of her anorexia, she would live on just 10 calories a day. she would often go three days without eating a single thing. but after years of turmoil, she was finally admitted to an eating disorder clinic. after making a full recovery, she is now a healthy size 8 and studying graphics.
two 18-month-old boys drowned in a canal in southern arizona. their mother, Alexis, was trying to swat away a bee when she let go of her stroller and the stroller rolled into the water. authorities revealed on monday that the boys ended up in the canal because their mother was fighting off a bee.
former prime minister said he had 'decades' still in him. he joked that he would 'turn to drink' if he ever stepped down from roles. said he wanted to recruit former heads of government to advise presidents and prime ministers on how to run their countries.
Manuel garza Jr. received a lethal injection of pentobarbital for killing san antonio police officer rocky 'rocky' Riojas in 2001. he is the sixth convicted murderer to be executed in texas this year. before his death, he was given the same food as the rest of the inmates in his unit for his final meal because Texas no longer allows special-order last meals.
'it's not like a choice. it's like I was drafted,' said the 63-year-old star wars veteran. 'could you imagine if for some reason I said 'I don't think I want to do it?' I would have all of you surrounding my house like villagers, angry villagers with lightsabers instead of torches,' he joked.
Joel Wilkinson was diagnosed with duchenne muscular dystrophy six months ago. his parents, Emma, 33, and Chris, 36, noticed he was struggling to walk. they were left devastated when tests confirmed he had the incurable disease. Joel will eventually need a wheelchair and has a life expectancy of just 20. his big sister, Phoebe, five, adores him and makes sure he is looked after. she plays only'muscle friendly' games that won'
National Grid has revealed the UK's first new pylon for nearly 90 years. called the T-pylon it is a third shorter than the old lattice pylons. but it is able to carry just as much power - 400,000 volts. it is designed to be less obtrusive and will be used for clean energy purposes. the 115ft (35 metres) tall pylons are being built at their training academy in eakring,
the tech giant announced a new focus on using paper from trees harvested under environmentally sound conditions. apple pledged an unspecified amount of money for a Virginia-based nonprofit, the Conservation Fund, to purchase two large tracts of timberland on the east coast. the initiatives come as the tech giant this year met a self-imposed goal of powering all its U.S. operations with renewable energy to reduce carbon emissions.
Kieran loveridge was moved to goulburn supermax prison last month. it was revealed he had an 'improper relationship' with a female officer. the 21-year-old is thought to have had a relationship with port macquarie woman. Jody marson was suspended after other staff members claimed they had witness the alleged affair inside the prison.
Katie and dalton Prager, who married as teens, suffer from cystic fibrosis. she was diagnosed with an infection in her lungs in 2009 and is desperately in need of a transplant as doctors predicted she would not live a year without new lungs. her insurance company, Kentucky Medicaid, will not pay for the out-of-state treatment she needs at the university of Pittsburgh medical center. dalton, 23, who has already received new lungs, is pleading for help. he says:
vera maresova, 50, confessed to killing five women and one man. she injected massive doses of potassium straight into their blood stream. all of her victims were already in the intensive care unit at the hospital. she thought their deaths would simply be attributed to natural causes. dubbed 'nurse death' by local media, she was initially arrested last august.
ex-soldier Solomon Khoorban, 33, jailed for 16 years for double rapes. he attacked a 16-year-old in a west end nightclub and raped a 32-year-old at knifepoint in 2003. it took detectives more than a decade to track him down and link him to attacks. judge sheelagh canavan said he was a 'violent sexual predator'
Zodiac aerospace have unveiled their new cabin crew sleeping areas. each bunk is equipped with a personal service unit (psu) the company spoke to 30 flight attendants from four continents. the design aims to maximise the sense of space and privacy.
Kristen Lindsey, 31, allegedly hunted the animal down in her backyard. she then allegedly shot it with a bow believing it was feral. but a local rescue center say the cat, believed to be called 'tiger', was domesticated and had been missing for around two weeks. under the shocking image, she wrote:'my first bow kill... lol. the only good feral tomcat is one with an arrow through its head. vet of the year award... glad
the mayor of new york is allegedly entering the race as a 'leftist' alternative to Clinton, according to a source within the democratic party. this comes in the wake of a television appearance last week, just hours before Clinton announced her candidacy. de Blasio has yet to endorse Clinton, despite the fact that he was campaign manager of her U.S. Senate bid in 2000.
boy, 13, pleaded guilty to stabbing 53-year-old Christopher Barry to death. he stabbed him twice in the chest outside his home in Edmonton, north london. he became enraged when the builder would not let him and his friends into the block of flats.
zipporah lisle-mainwaring accused of ordering 'overnight' stripy paint job. residents objected to her plans to demolish property and rebuild it. they likened her to 'a child throwing a tantrum' and 'a child throwing a tantrum' she has also fallen out with the family of her late husband Robert. he has accused her of failing to pass on cash and property worth millions.
cell phone footage has emerged appearing to show actor Dennis quaid having a diva-esque meltdown on the set of his latest movie. during the 40 seconds or so of footage Quaid calls his co-workers unprofessional, zombies and pussies. as one voice off camera tries to calm the actor down, quaid yells, 'Don't f**king Dennis me' before storming off the set.
researchers sketched out a 'wiring diagram' for rat brains. found local networks of neurons layered like the shells in a Russian nesting doll.
downton creator will give unique insight into his inspiration for the period drama at the Chalke Valley history festival. stellar bill also includes historian David starkey, best-selling novelist Katemosse, award-winning biographer Claire Tomalin and explorer Sir Ranulph Fiennes. visitors to the festival will also be able to hear first-hand accounts from the last surviving British Dambuster George ‘Johnny’ Johnson.
Peter gale was fired from his position at nonsuch high school for girls. he was fired due to'serious breaches' in safeguarding procedures. the high-performing school counts singer Katie Melua among its alumnae.
Ethan czahor launched ‘clear’ which removes posts that might cause problems with your current or future employer. users can search for keywords such as ‘gay’, ‘black’ or swear words and the program deletes any tweet that mentions them. in february, Mr czahor was fired from his job as a chief technology officer for jeb bush, the former florida governor and potential 2016 presidential candidate.
new details have emerged about alleged murderer Vincent Stanford. he created an online alter ego to use in science fiction, gaming and fantasy forums characters. he wrote scripts for his favourite tv show, the science fiction show stargate. he also signed petitions to save violent galactic warfare games.
Jeremy Clarkson, 54, was sacked in march after attacking a producer. he has not publicly addressed his dismissal, apart from to say 'everyone's upset' but the presenter today gave his 'heartfelt thanks' to those who supported him. it came as former presenter angela rippon said she would return. said it would be 'great' if she was invited back to front the motoring show.
Louise shepherd, 31, was hiking through a national park in north-west Bolivia. a tree toppled onto her during a storm and she was crushed to death. she had taken a 'gap year' off work to go travelling around the world.
rapist left a teenager for dead after a savage attack at a bus stop. police believe he stalked three other women before choosing his victim. he was wearing a green sweatshirt, dark jacket and jeans in the hours before the attack in the Beeston area of Leeds.
the opening day of the championships has been moved to Monday. stewards said it was too risky to race on the wet surface after an early inspection at around 9.30am on saturday morning. racegoers got to the field early and were disappointed to find an empty track.
the two presidents spoke by phone on Wednesday for only the second, known time in as many years. it will be the first time in more than 50 years that leaders from the previously estranged countries will have had a lengthy in-person exchange. apart from a couple of brief, informal encounters, the leaders of the united states and Cuba have not had any significant meetings since 1959.
Weinsten and his designer wife Georgina Chapman turned up for the premiere of his new Broadway play finding neverland on Wednesday. the play is based on the 2004 film of the same name Weinstein produced starring Kate winslet and Johnny depp. the couple have been out together numerous times over the past few weeks as well, attending rehearsals and celebrating Easter together with their children.
a third man has been charged with 'conspiracy to commit acts done in preparation for, or planning, terrorist acts' sevdet besim, 18, was one of five men arrested during raids in Melbourne at the weekend. police uncovered swords and knives after searching five teenagers' homes. he will appear in court on Tuesday charged with conspiracy to commit acts done in preparation for, or planning, terrorist acts.
series of model letters have been drawn up with carefully pre-crafted messages. designed to woo voters with just 28 days to go before the may 7 election. women are told they are 'vital to the success of the british economy' pensioners are praised for their 'wealth of experience' in the letters.
miniature space is a cooking show which has taken the internet by storm. shows how to make miniature versions of classic foods. latest video shows how to make a miniature strawberry cake.
decomposing bodies paraded around garissa in a pickup truck. hundreds gathered to see the bodies of the four alleged attackers. it comes as survivor Cynthia Cheroitich, 19, was rescued today. she spent two days hiding in a wardrobe and drinking body lotion.
86-year-old daphne selfe has starred in campaign for vans and & other stories alongside 22-year-old Flo Dunn. says the & other stories collection is 'truly relaxed and timeless with a modern twist, all in lovely colours'
Elena curtin of Portland, oregon, was seven-months pregnant when she was charged with second-degree assault. she struck her boyfriend's ex in the head and arm with a crowbar after finding her getting high on heroin in her bathroom. when she asked her to leave and the woman refused, curtin beat her with a crowbar. prosecutors dropped the charge on Monday because curtin, 23, was 'completely justified in her outrage'
the queen roared on her filly, Ring of truth, at newbury today. unfortunately for her, her horse was narrowly pipped to the post. the monarch was spotted crossing her fingers in the Royal Box. later in the afternoon, her horse Capel path came in third.
'i think I have been universally short-tempered and testy with both male and female reporters. I'll own up to that,' the Kentucky senator said yesterday. the confession summed up the freshman lawmaker's second day as an official 2016 contestant - a bumpy ride that has so far included a confrontation with the chairwoman of the democratic party over late-term abortion.
Graham Leonard hijacked a plane's tannoy system while drunk to sing karaoke. the 46-year-old caused an airport to be evacuated after setting off a fire alarm. he admitted endangering an aircraft and setting off the alarm knowing there was no blaze.
WCCO this morning reporter Ashley Roberts was live on-air during a segment on wedding costs that touched on the cost of engagement rings. her co-workers helped arrange for her boyfriend, Justin McCray, to come out and present her with an engagement ring.
tiny home is sandwiched between two properties on leafy street in london. has two-bedrooms, tiny study, reception room, shower room, cloakroom, kitchen and garden. at its widest, it stretches across 8ft 8in - a little over the size of a rugby player's shoulders. estate agency blurb described the property as being 'well proportioned'
Daria rose, 18, has been accepted into all seven of the Ivy League schools she applied to. the teen lost everything in hurricane Sandy, including her home, and immersed herself in her studies. the frequent moves made finishing school work difficult, but she never gave up on her dream of attending an Ivy League school.
cardboard gnome appeared on the cover of the ground-breaking 1967 album. more than 60 celebrities appear on the psychedelic cover. gnome was signed by all four band members following the shoot. it emerged for sale almost 50 years after the album was released.
the WI has been told it must pay the venue thousands of pounds to serve cakes. two of its members slaved away baking enough cakes to feed 5,000 women. but the gesture would incur a ‘sampling charge’ of £2,500.
240 machines in the city of manchester are yet to be upgraded. motorists without old-style coins must use £1 and two 20p pieces for a typical £1.25 hour's parking - giving the council a 15p profit.
Victor Agbafe, 17, is a student at Cape fear academy in Wilmington, north carolina. he was accepted into all eight Ivy league schools and could go to Stanford or Duke because he was accepted at those prestigious institutions as well. he plans to double major in microbiology along with government or economics.
the Michigan Micro Mote is the smallest computer in the world, measuring less than 2mm across. contains solar cells that power the battery with ambient light, including indoor rooms with no natural sunlight.
Wellington put on one hell of a show at the weekend for its inaugural CubaDupa festival. the colourful party shut down streets and spanned several blocks. performers dressed in outrageous costumes strolled casually through the nooks and crannies of the festival.
Gerard 'the frenchman' Ouimette, 75, died in a federal prison in north carolina after being diagnosed with lung cancer. Ouimette was reportedly in control of a gangster network responsible for gambling, loansharking, extortion, and murder, among other crimes. Ouimette had close ties to late new england crime boss Raymond Patriarca.
boy was held in blackburn after police examined electronic devices. the girl was arrested after police raided a house in longsight, manchester. both were bailed until may 28 as part of the ongoing investigation.
police were led to cocoparra national park by the mother and brother of Vincent standford - who has been charged with murder. standford, 24, was familiar to the area and had camped and travelled through the park on many occasions. police discovered the burnt remains of a woman's body in bushland late around 5pm on Friday afternoon. it has also emerged that one of the last actions of Ms Scott was to send an email to the bus company hired for her wedding.
Eileen Mason, 92, and her friend, 75, had been to a lunch club meeting. an 'evil looking' man suddenly appeared from behind a fence. he grabbed Mrs Mason by the arm and reached for her carrier bag. but the pensioners shouted 'Oh no you don't!' and slammed on the accelerator. the attacker was knocked to the ground, and the pair sped off.
if all ice were spread across the surface of mars, the entire planet would be covered in more than 3.3ft (one metre) of ice. researchers measured how big the glaciers are, and their similarity to glaciers on earth.
dusan Bako, 18, flew into a rage after he tried to call the teenager's phone. put his arm around the back of the girl's neck and clenched his fist. punched the girl repeatedly in the stomach causing her to miscarry their baby. pleaded guilty to causing grievous bodily harm with intent at court.
statuspeople.com, the oldest publicly available twitter-auditing tool, reports that 44 per cent of her followers are 'good'; 15 per cent are 'fake'; and 41 per cent are 'inactive,' meaning that they never tweet or reply to any tweets. another tool, twitterAudit.com, sampled 320,000 of Mrs. Clinton's followers and found that 18 per cent were fake. the new measurements will add to the Clinton presidential campaign's embarrassment
Queensland resident Roxy Walsh took to her facebook account after recovering the gold jewellery at the Finns beach club in Bali on Tuesday. the ring has what appears to be a family crest and engraved with a heartwarming message: ‘Darling Joe, Happy 70th birthday 2009, love Jenny’. it's unknown when the ring was lost or where the couple are from. revelations on social media suggest the pair are from the sunshine coast in Queensland.
Olivia bazlinton, 13, and Charlotte Thompson, 14, died at station in 2005. they had been using unlocked footpath crossing when they were hit. inquest returned verdicts of accidental death - but safety reports not disclosed. network rail was convicted of criminal negligence and fined £1m over deaths.
video footage shows a white ball being rolled down a positioned cue. it then bounces off one side of the red-clothed table and hits the first in a long line of dominoes. one by one the small counters fall down, tapping balls into pockets as they go. finally, the last domino gently hits an orange ball, causing it to roll down another positioned cue lying on the table.
the former secretary of state gave details of her daughter's pregnancy in a new epilogue for her memoir, hard choices. she suggested that the birth of her granddaughter made her think about the future of all children and had motivated her political plans.
Carol Chandler, 53, is accused of indecently assaulting a boy under 16. she was charged as part of the metropolitan police's Operation winthorpe. officers are investigating allegations of sex abuse at top independent school. former pupils at the school include Chancellor George Osborne.
David Totton, 36, admitted driving a rented white Peugeot RCZ into doors. he had seen his friend in an altercation with bouncers in central manchester. he went over to act as 'peace-maker' but was told to leave as well. bouncers eventually closed and locked the doors to prevent an altercation. he drove up to doors at low speed before 'nudging' them with his bumper. after the doormen still failed to come
anarda de la caridad perez friman, 37, allegedly killed her family. she is said to have suffered a 'psychotic incident' as a result of post-natal depression. police believe she stabbed her partner and two children before taking her own life. the family, from estepona, spain, arrived in gibraltar on march 25.
uk children's cookbook guru Annabel karmel has slammed Pete Evans' controversial bone broth recipe in his book 'bubba yum yum - the paleo way' she says the paleo method goes against everything nutritionists and child health experts recommend. 'the baby won't have any nutrition they need - it’s entirely dangerous and I would definitely not advise that,' she said.
foreign minister Julie bishop donned a black headscarf during a meeting with Iranian president hassan rouhani and her Iranian counterpart mohammad Javad zarif. social media lit up as those from both sides of the argument weighed in on whether she was right to cover her head in keeping with local custom. while westerners are not required by law to cover their heads, the Foreign Minister said she did so out of respect for the culture.
Ana Elizondo made headlines in 2012 after she was kidnapped from a parking lot as she was leaving a night class at the university of texas, pan american. she was blindfolded and transported through several cars as her abductors made a failed attempt to cross the Mexican border. she escaped the hands of her captors the following day unharmed and said she tried to keep in good spirits for much of the time she was kidnapped.
Larry Reid was arrested for DUI about 12:40 p.m. between Boulder city and searchlight in Nevada. he was also charged with battery of a police officer, driving across a median, resisting arrest, not wearing a seat belt and possession of a gun while under the influence of alcohol.
a 30-year-old australian soldier lobbed live grenades back at the enemy during world war one. he was awarded a victoria cross for his 48-hour effort. LCpl keysor caught some of the bombs in mid-air. he signed up just before the start of the war as a pilot but instead was sent to the shores of turkey.
Valerie rutty, 60, altered invoices by increasing prices of work commissioned. she paid the difference between the actual sums into her own bank account. stole almost £3,500 from the fund at Irlam primary school in manchester.
Dame Barbara hakin was accused of gagging whistleblower Gary Walker. he tried to warn about impact of targets on ordinary patients, mail can reveal. she was investigated by the general medical council, which concluded there was no case to answer. but it is now reviewing part of decision and appointing an independent expert.
the 2014 miraval rose is produced at the couple's chateau miraval estate. the £18-a-bottle wine received rave reviews from wine critics. wine has sold previously in the uk through specialist wine merchants.
39 per cent of voters now say they will back the conservatives in the election. compared to just 33 per cent for labour, according to pollsters ICM. shock poll comes after the tories unveiled key election pledge. pledge to scrap inheritance tax on family homes worth up to £1m.
the 56-year-old singer posted the image of the iron lady on Instagram. captioned it with: '#unapologetic #rebelheart' and a love heart. fans reminded her that thatcher banned 'promoting' homosexuality in 1988.
branded painkillers are using 'clever marketing' to make patients spend. some manufacturers use the same pills in different packaging. the over-the-counter medicines market is worth £2.5 billion.
dog barked at robbers as they burst into the home of a young couple. owners watched in horror as Joseph devaney brought down the machete. he struck the terrier over the head with the meat cleaver to stop it barking. devaney and accomplice Kieron rolstron were jailed for aggravated burglary.
Sheriff Mbye died in hospital two hours after he was stabbed to death. police were called to a KFC restaurant in northfield, Birmingham, at 5pm yesterday. when officers arrived they found a 19-year-old with stab wounds. an 18-year-old man from Birmingham has been arrested on suspicion of murder.
man named locally as 62-year-old Richard clements from Wattisham, Suffolk. believed to have been mowing grass when machine toppled down a bank. his family managed to drag him from the pond and made frantic efforts to save him but he was pronounced dead at the scene.
Jessica hardy, 23, was desperate to remove her former flame's name from her forearm when she met her new man, Ryan. she heard about acid peels for the skin and decided to try them. but six painful applications left her skin red raw and scabby.
Jessica edgeington, of villa Rica, georgia, was a skilled diver known for a type of high-speed sport called'swooping'. she died after plummeting to the ground at the skydive deland in deland, florida, about 4.10pm on wednesday. it is unclear what type of dive edgeington was maneuvering, but she appears to have run into a problem in the air. it is the second death at the skydiving
the estimated one million pages of paper documents from. Stephen Jones now fill 550 file cabinet-sized boxes at the. Briscoe center for american history at the university of texas. trove includes confidential report from a polygraph examiner, who wrote that 'in McVeigh's mind, he believed that he had definitely screwed up because he left the building still standing'
'bright and beautiful' GCSE pupil started using cocktail of banned substances. father, identified only as 'john', warned drugs were widely available to children. he urged schools and police to get tough to tackle'serious drug problem' father has now written open letter to his local council, south Gloucestershire.
DJ-duo mashed n kutcher offer a keyboard and microphone to the public. they then go in search of a singer and bash out a melody. the clip has been viewed over 1.25 million times in less than a week.
a guest list of 120 people had been invited to Stephanie and her fiance's wedding at the picturesque Eat Your Greens venue. these same guests were now 275km and three hours' drive away after attending a heart-breaking ceremony at mountford park in leeton. the popular high school teacher was last seen on Easter Sunday, which sparked a widespread search until police found the remains of a body at a national park on Friday.
midwife Amanda burleigh was convinced clamping the cord was wrong. doctors and midwives have clamped the cord within seconds of delivery. they feared the drug – since replaced with a safer substitute – could harm the baby. one study showed immediate cord-clamping could deprive a baby of a third of its blood stock.
the former first daughter of the united states has finally revealed what happened to her once-unruly curls. in a candid interview with Elle magazine, she insists that, far from being an intentional style change, her once-unruly mane simply straightened itself out over time. the 35-year-old also talked about her marriage to investment banker Marc Mezvinsky in the new interview.
each tomb was filled with bones of up to 60 mummies, with infants kept in small containers, and others repeatedly ripped to pieces while decomposing. archaeologists have so far opened up seven of the tombs, recovering 171 broken mummies from the ancient ceremonial site known as tenahaha.
Christopher Stefanoni, 50, says his son was demoted from his team in darien, a town of 21,000 with a median household income of $200,000. he says he was kicked off his team and put in a lower-ranking one just after he proposed developments involving affordable housing. the town and the little league both deny that the goings-on of the league and Stefanoni's housing plans are linked.
Doug Gregory, 92, had just purchased a newspaper when he was struck. he suffered a serious head injury and was flown to hospital, but died two weeks later. the war hero was awarded the Distinguished Flying cross for his gallantry in 69 combat missions over nazi-occupied europe.
there were at least three reports of people trying to release gopher tortoises in the ocean because they were mistaken for sea turtles. gopher tortoises have toes with claws on each toe and sea turtles have flippers with just one or two claws on each fore flipper. tortoises are protected by florida law and sea turtles are on florida's endangered species or threatened survival list.
a university of cambridge scientist has revealed his green source of energy. by using just moss he is able to generate enough power to run a clock. he said panels of plant material could power appliances in our homes. and the technology could help farmers grow crops where electricity is scarce.
four robbers held up a cash-and-carry in Derby on september 26 last year. they were spotted trying to escape on foot along a busy motorway. the gang rammed two police cars as they tried to hide under a bridge. the chase was captured on camera by a police helicopter. officers eventually caught up with the robbers and arrested them. three of the gang have now been jailed for over 30 years.
Kathleen Bailey, 70, was given power of attorney over 87-year-old friend's finances. she later became carer for her friend, who was battling breast cancer. but she 'overstepped the mark' and took at least £1,500 from her friend's account. given suspended jail sentence and ordered to pay £1,500 to her victim's estate.
police say 35-year-old Donnell Graham fatally shot his wife, Shaquana Graham, 33, and another man in a room at the quality inn in springettsbury. the other man, 25-year-old Kristopher Pittman, had been killed by gunshots to the chest.
at least 15 Fortune 500 companies paid zero income taxes in 2014, according to a report out last week from the citizens for tax justice. some of these companies even received federal tax rebates in the tens or even hundreds of millions. the report's authors say the u.s. government needs to wake up and amend the tax code.
Nate silver correctly predicted the winner in 49 of 50 us states in 2008. he believes neither the tories nor labour will be able to get enough support. a third poll found a tory lead of four points compared to labour's 30 per cent.
footage shows the seven-day-old foal nuzzling Sunny bayne's shoulder before pushing her to the ground and lying on top of her belly. the young rider from Kentucky can't stop smiling at the animal's silly antics.
clare Else's husband was knifed more than 200 times by paranoid schizophrenic. he had been at the pub with friends earlier that night before the attack. paranoid schizophrenic had stopped taking medication because it interfered with his sex life and had heard voices in his head commanding him to kill, the old Bailey was told.
Tom O'Carroll, 69, a leading member of notorious paedophile information exchange, has joined supporters of media pressure group Hacked Off. former open university information officer attended a rally in the houses of parliament on february 25 to lobby MPs for state involvement in media regulation. the organisation, set up in the wake of the phone-hacking scandal, is campaigning against what it sees as the ‘biased and unfair’ independent press standards organisation.
woman, believed to be in her 20s, lost her footing after her punt hit another boat. she disappeared under the water several times, screaming for help. two of her friends leapt in to save her and punt hire staff helped pull her out.
the 43-year-old attended a remembrance ceremony in the town of aabenraa to mark the 75th anniversary of the occupation. the royal wore a chic black dress and coat ensemble paired with grey accessories. she was met by representatives of the Danish military in the town, where she placed a wreath at a memorial.
the incident occurred Wednesday afternoon at alverta b. gray schultz middle school in hempstead, new york. police say the mother, Annika McKenzie, 34, walked into the building without being cleared by security and waited in the hallway for her daughter's math teacher, Catherine Engelhardt. she refused to speak with McKenzie, telling her to first get a security pass. a fight then ensued, and Engelhardt was shoved against the wall, placed in
Stephen akers-belcher said he needed time off for compassionate reasons. but he was pictured the same day aboard historic warship HMS Warrior. photos emerged of him representing the council at an event on the ship. the mayor claims he has actually been sacked for whistle blowing.
the 46-year-old spent time at the dekalb medical center in decatur, georgia, on Monday as family infighting continues. over the weekend, Bobby claimed his daughter was awake, but her maternal grandmother clarified that she is not expected to ever fully recover. the daughter of Whitney Houston was recently moved from Emory university hospital - where she had been treated since being found unresponsive on January 31.
savage swan nicknamed asbaby has been pecking punters on river cam. believed to be grandson of swan believed to be grandfather, asbo. he was moved to location 60 miles away after repeatedly attacking rowers.
Ivana chubbuck, 62, is part therapist and part acting coach. reduced beyoncé to tears within five minutes. within months, the singer was topping the charts with single ladies.
lelisa desiresa, 25, of Ethiopia won the 2013 race before a bombing. after the bombings, he donated his medal to the city after the race. he ran in 2 hours, 9 minutes, 17 seconds to win the men's race. well-wishers drew 'Boston strong' in chalk on the course.
Google has been steadily revealing some of the biggest questions its users have typed into the search engine about 2016 presidential candidates. many of the questions focused on candidates' ages and heights, according to the website. the most popular question typed into google during that time period was asking how old Clinton is. the second-most popular question was 'Is Hillary Clinton a Democrat?'
Baylee almon was one of 19 toddlers killed in a daycare center on April 19, 1995, in the worst case of homegrown terrorism. the bombing, planted by veteran us army soldier Timothy McVeigh, killed 168 american people. her 23-year-old single mother, aren, saw the picture of her lifeless daughter on the front page of the local paper the next day. a day later it was on the cover of newspapers across the world. two decades on, the shock is
Vincent viafore from Poughkeepsie, new york, was on the rough Hudson river near newburgh with fiancee angelika graswald when he was thrown in. he was not wearing a life jacket and was unable to get back into the kayak. Graswald managed to make it out of the water and call 911.
Qasr al-farid or 'the lonely castle' was built in the first century a.d. but was never finished. the tomb is the largest of 131 monumental tombs, which were carved straight into rock in the city of mada'in saleh. carved from single pieces of sandstone, the tomb is surrounded by imposing cliffs and striking rocky outcrop.
sheila elkan, 84, lives in the house that featured as the leadbetters' home. great-grandmother-of-five has resided at home in north-west london since 1986. comments come after pm promised he would deliver 'the greatest sunshine' of a job, a home, tax cuts and a secure retirement.
Kristen Jarvis, 34, has been with the first family since she moved into the white house in 2009. she's moving on to become the Ford foundation president Darren walker's chief of staff. she admits she did not share Michelle's love of D.c. workout craze Solidcore.
luxury spa and hotel has attracted a who's who of the celebrity world. Daniel Craig, Nicole Kidman, Cameron Diaz, Justin timberlake are regulars. the english rugby team used it as their training base for the rugby world cup. the 45,000sq ft spa has 21 treatment rooms and eight swimming pools.
comedian died suddenly aged 56 last year. probate records reveal he had no will - even though he suffered serious head injuries and nearly died in a quad-bike accident in 1998. his estate could be liable for tax of tens of thousands of pounds which would not have been payable if he had left everything to his wife.
brayden Travis, 18, was left without medical attention for seven hours after overdosing on heroin and xanax in early march. his lungs and kidneys failed, and he suffered a stroke and severe brain damage. doctors warned that he will likely remain in a vegetative state. his mother, Kelly Smith-Miller, shared a starling photograph of him unconscious in a hospital bed with breathing apparatus and wires across his body to deter others from taking drugs.
Alaska airlines flight 448 bound for los angeles was forced to return to Seattle-tacoma international airport after passengers heard banging and pleas for help. today, the unnamed Seattle airport employee revealed he might have slept much longer if it hadn't been for the passengers' bags. in a desperate bid for help, he called 911 and spoke to a bemused operator for 44 seconds before he was cut off.
parents who choose not to vaccinate their children may soon be blocked from accessing welfare payments and childcare subsidies. social services minister Scott Morrison confirms the government is actively researching possible legislation changes. the hard-line approach to immunisation comes one month after the tragic death of 32-day-old Perth baby Riley Hughes. a galaxy poll found that 87 per cent of australians believe vaccinations should be mandatory. people who choose not to vaccinate their children for philosophical, personal or religious beliefs can
richie benaud, 84, died on friday after battling skin cancer. the cricket commentary box legend revealed last year that he had skin cancer and was receiving radiation treatment. 'when I was a kid we never ever wore a cap... that's because Keith Miller never wore a cap,' he said.
the 11-year-old autistic boy was lost for four nights alone in the Victorian bushland. he was found just three kilometres from where he went missing on good friday. doctors say they are stunned with how healthy he appeared. he was suffering from exhaustion, dehydration and hypothermia when found.
Adrian Peterson will be able to participate in all scheduled activities with the Minnesota Vikings starting on friday. this after a ban that has been in effect since September 17 of last year following an incident in which he beat his young son with a switch. the running back met with the league two weeks ago to discuss his reinstatement.
Alice Kovach-suehn, 56, from apopka, was arrested last friday and charged with elderly neglect. police say they found the man in her care weighing only 89lbs. the 96-year-old told officers he was being starved and never allowed to eat anything but meat and 'dog feces' by the time police rescued him, the victim could not move his hands and his knees were locked together. a doctor at the hospital said
a third of men have never picked up a bucket or chamois leather to wash their own car. three quarters of women never wash their own motor. only 5% of those surveyed have ever asked their children to wash the car. decline blamed on shops opening on a Sunday and live football on tv.
a hospital has delayed kidney transplant surgery after a fundraising effort on behalf of donor raised so much money it is now an 'ethical issue' donor, Josh dall-leighton of windham said that Maine Medical center officials informed him this week that it has concerns about the amount of money raised for him. Christine Royles, 24, of south Portland, organized fundraisers to reimburse dall-leighton for unpaid time away from work. someone else established an online fund that ballooned to more than $40,000
body hair harks back to our prehistoric ancestors - it was our only garment, keeping us warm and protecting us from environmental impact such as sunlight. hair follicles are also rich in stem cells - cells that never lose the capacity to renew themselves - which help the skin heal.
researchers from germany, canada and the u.s. analysed answers to the Hitler question, and others like it, from 6,100 people. they found that significantly more men than women would kill to save lives. women were more troubled by the act itself and would often decide to do nothing.
Roxy Walsh found a sentimental ring at a resort in south kuta, Bali. she launched a social media campaign to find the ring's owner. the 34-year-old was able to reunite the ring with its' rightful owners. the ring was returned to the Langley's after less than a week of searching. their granddaughter, jade, found the campaign on facebook.
reports that the Kremlin will offer controversial loans and discounts on supplies of natural gas in a bid to lessen its dependence on the west. visit will raise fears radical left government is looking east in search of alternative sources of finance as it bids to avoid bankruptcy.
captain Niloofar Rahmani, 23, is the first female pilot in the Afghan military since the fall of the Taliban in 2001. she has received death threats from the terror group and even members of her own extended family. captain Rahmani and nine other women from across the world were awarded the U.S Secretary of State's International Women of Courage Award.
Robert knowles, 68, first broke the law when he was 13 and has been in court at least once a year since 1959. the pensioner has broken the law so many times that prosecutors have lost track of his expansive record. it is believed knowles has now clocked up in the region of 350 offences over his lifetime.
woman, 41, was getting ready for a party to celebrate new year's eve. she started wheezing and reached into her bag for her salbutamol inhaler. she heard a 'coarse rattle' when she shook it and assumed it was due to a loose connection inside the device. she took a deep inspiration, but immediately felt a painful scratch in her throat. she began coughing up blood, wheezing and became short of breath
predicted life spans of women aged 65, 75, 85 and 95 fell in 2012. first time since 1995 that falls in all four age groups were recorded. by 2013, average 75-year-old woman could expect to live another 13 years. increasing life expectancy for men in their sixties and seventies had stalled, and had fallen for those in their eighties and nineties.
the stunning set of pictures was taken in a forest near langenfeld, germany, yesterday by body-painting artist joerg duesterwald. the artist spent hours painting his model so she would blend in with her surroundings. the model, who even had her hair painted, is crouched on a rock covered in green, grey and black paint.
Mahendra suffers from a rare condition that makes his neck bend and his head hang from his body. his weak backbone means he can't stand or walk and is restricted to a sitting position. his parents have consulted more than 50 doctors across india but none could diagnose his condition.
hackers completely cut transmission of 11 channels belonging to TV5 Monde. they also took over its websites and social media accounts. channel's director, yves bigot, said attack was continuing this morning. he said network can only broadcast recorded programmes, not live content.
Zbigniew Huminski, 38, confessed to strangling nine-year-old victim. she was stripped naked and sexually assaulted before being forced into car. she was then driven to an isolated wood used as a camp for illegal migrants. mother 'heard daughter's screams' as she was being taken from school.
Margaret and Tommy Bates are speaking about their daughter's murder for the first time. their 17-year-old daughter, Kelly-Anne, was tortured to death by her lover. she said she wished she had killed him when she first met him. next year marks the 20th anniversary of her daughter's death.
the ribbon is tied under the breasts and in a loop over the arms, tying them at the back, so that every time they lift their arms, their curves become more prominent. the idea was inspired by a popular 'anime' cartoon character whose ribbon-bound arms and chest has become her signature.
the 25-year-old looked glamorous at the for the love of cinema dinner. mingled with a host of a-listers and film industry bigwigs at the event. the cousin of princes william and harry has been living in new york for a year.
researchers from the department of psychology at Stanford university used data from 6,588 registered users to determine which colours are most commonly associated with which letters. they then compared these colour-letter matches to fridge magnets sold by Fisher-Price between 1971 and 1990. the results revealed that at least six per cent (400 out of the 6588 participants) learnt'many of their matches' from the toy.
Ian Gibson, 55, was killed by a young bull elephant in Zimbabwe. he was measuring the animal's ivory tusks for a client in the u.s. he was a lauded figure among safari enthusiasts.
Roy day, 29, and Gerard. lundie, 26, targeted 13 properties over four months. they stole a Citroen C4 and widescreen tv from a house in britain. after the duo left their DNA at the scenes of some of the crimes they were arrested. they were each jailed for five years and four months at Birmingham crown court.
Leanne weighed 19st 3lb when she started her job at the co-op. would snack on discounted goods because of their sell-by dates. broke down in a shop changing room when she couldn't fit into a size 24. says she had always struggled with her weight and was teased at school. decided to lose weight after being unable to fit into the largest size. followed a strict diet and fitness regime and has lost seven stone. now weighs 13st and
89-year-old set to make guest appearance in soap next week as nun. character will offer advice to jessie Wallace's character, who is suicidal. actress said it was 'absolute delight' to work with Wallace.
noel marshall’s action-adventure film was originally released in 1981. its 11-year production is infamous for the injuries received by 70 members of the cast and crew during production. son of director noel marshall who was married to hedren says 'it seemed like a really cool idea at the beginning, but it was dangerous' the film revolves around a wildlife preservationist who lives with his wife and children alongside a number of wild lions, tigers,
after next month's election, ministers could be asked to make sure Easter day always falls between April 9 and 15. in 1928, the Easter act was passed in parliament to make sure that the holiday weekend would be a fixed date in April. it is thought that the roman Catholic church did not object to the plans although, they were never seriously discussed.
the hit us tv series house of cards features Kevin spacey as Francis underwood. the capital is filled with underwood wannabes with razor tongues and egos to match. the capital grille is a favoured venue for political plots.
marli van breda, 16, was struck several times on the head and her throat was slashed during an axe attack in her family's south african home in January. she was released from hospital last month after suffering severe brain damage and retrograde amnesia. doctors say she may never remember what happened on the fateful day she tragically lost her father, mother and eldest brother. although she can't recall the brutal murders, she is able to walk and talk -
'i think this is why we are having this meeting: to make sure that we are continually improving our coordination to make sure that Iraqi security forces are in a position to succeed in our common mission,' he told a reporter. 'i think this is why we are having this meeting: to make sure that we are continually improving our coordination to make sure that Iraqi security forces are in a position to succeed in our common mission,' he said.
people paying £150 a week to live in flats in exclusive parts of mayfair and covent garden which are owned by housing associations. under new right to buy plans tenants could get chance to buy them with discounts of up to £102,000 in London. properties form part of affordable housing because of agreements with developers to provide low-cost provisions. value of housing stock has raised questions over whether they should be sold to fund more housing.
motorists pulled over on Interstate 20 in albilene, texas, to pick up the cash. the passenger door of the truck somehow opened as it was moving. police have warned anyone caught with the money will be prosecuted.
Hannah Moore, 20, of west lothian, suffered stretchmarks after having twins. she posted the images on the social media site in a bid to boost her confidence. captioned them: 'nobody should be judged by their size because everyone is beautiful' but two minutes later, her account was deleted due to 'nudity and violence'
a photo of a young woman lying with her legs apart was posted on SOHO nightclub’s facebook page on April 3. it was a week after the owner’s son, 23-year-old Luke lazarus was sentenced for raping an 18-year-old at the club. the photo was soon removed by the club’s management after a backlash on twitter.
Chantelle doherty, 21, was involved in a raid on the home of a 92-year-old man. she and another man bluffed their way in and stole several bottles of whisky. her friend Martin Lawrence, 27, also targeted a man aged 99 claiming he owed him money for non existing paving work. incidents occurred after doherty was freed from jail after being in prison for leading a gypsy girl gang which carried out a string of
Jake Shaw, 21, fell 25ft (8m) from the upper floor of a scout centre. he was volunteering as a climbing instructor at the centre in the Swiss Alps. he was airlifted to hospital in Bern suffering severe injuries but died nine days later. inquest heard he had been playing drinking games with friends. it is believed he lost his balance as he tried to open a bedroom window. coroner concluded that his death was a tragic accident
audrie pott, 15, was sexually assaulted at a friend's party in northern california. she awoke to find her pants off and lewd comments scribbled over her body. she hanged herself days later after learning cellphone photos were shared. her attackers, who have not been named, have now apologized and admitted she was unconscious during the 'criminal act' they also apologized for false rumors that'served to shame and
the prime minister said seven key policies would help get people on to the property ladder. the seven point plan includes the help to buy ISA, which will help first-time buyers save for a deposit. it also aims to cut the cost of saving for a deposit, moving house and paying off mortgages. mr Cameron, wearing notably clean new work boots, insisted 'dream of home ownership is alive'
Biso had squeezed into the hole in the wall at the Mohamed Naguib metro station. survived thanks to an elderly man who fed him scraps of food every day. now, the feline is finally free thanks to a social media campaign.
a second 18-year-old has been arrested at his home address on suspicion of murder. comes after another 18-year-old was arrested on suspicion of murder on friday. officers were called to a KFC restaurant in northfield, Birmingham, at 5pm. officers found a 19-year-old with stab wounds in a nearby barbershop. despite best efforts of doctors, the 18-year-old died in hospital two hours later.
binh and Phuoc Wagner of Kingston, ontario, were adopted around a year and a half ago from vietnam. the twins suffer from alagille syndrome, a life-threatening genetic disorder that causes a loss of the bile ducts within the liver during the first year of life. when binh needed a donor just a little more, their adopted father michael chose her to receive his liver, which was a perfect match. binh and
expedition 42 commander Barry. Wilmore and flight engineer Terry virts recorded three spacewalks on. goPro cameras outside the ISS on February 25 and march 1. the spacewalks were in preparation for the arrival of multibillion pound commercial spacecraft, which Nasa hope will be in operation by 2017.
a bookkeeper accidentally sent a text to her boss meant for her daughter's boyfriend who was engaged as a contact plumber for the firm. she asked her boss to delete the message and ignore its contents. her employer said it was due to 'gross misconduct'
two sets of maps, compiled by cartographer Trent hare, include image mosaics and topographical views of the lunar landscape. grey and white areas reveal higher peaks, while darker blues show deep craters. to the left of these craters is the 'ocean of storms', which is Latin for 'ocean of storms'. to create the maps, more than 6.5 billion measurements were collected between 2009 and 2013 by the lunar reconnaissance orbiter
de Blasio's son, who is 17 and a senior at Brooklyn technical high school will make his decision by the end of the month. despite his six figure salary as mayor and six figure rental income from the two properties he and his wife own in Brooklyn, de Blasio is now expected to turn to financial aid to help pay for his son's elite education.
dark-haired boy, dressed in combat gear, attempted to pelt officers with stones. the boy raced away after launching a series of missiles at the officers. violence erupted on the northern west bank during annual protests. soldiers used tear gas and rubber bullets to disperse the crowd.
Lisa courtney, of hertfordshire, has spent most of her life collecting. now holds the Guinness world record for the largest collection of Pokemon items. her mother had to move to the smallest room in the house to make room.
Justin jackson, a florida man, is accused of posing as a host of celebrity-linked characters in order to get freebies and jobs. he allegedly sent letters on forged OWN stationery to five different hotel groups with locations in florida, recommending himself for work. he is also accused of posing as former Obama aide reggie love, who he claimed worked for oprah. he is also alleged to have tricked a
ex-bolton striker delroy facey is accused of conspiring to commit bribery. the 34-year-old is also alleged to have told a contact that some Football Conference teams would 'do' a game in return for payment. facey is also alleged to have told a contact: 'you guys can't win for s*** so you may as well make some peas'
'Retrosweat' is inspired by the era of old-school VHS workouts made famous by Jane fonda. the 50-minute class has 12 dance tracks and dooley regularly mixes up the soundtrack to keep people excited each week.
anti-fungal agent miconazole and steroid clobetasol restored movement to mice paralysed by a rodent version of multiple sclerosis (MS) in laboratory tests, they prompted inactive mouse and human stem cells to regenerate myelin, the protective insulation-like coating around nerve fibres that is destroyed by the disease.
Ukip has reduced the number of constituencies where it is concentrating resources as it loses ground in the polls. a party strategist said'something extraordinary' would now need to happen for it to win in places outside its target list.
married father-of-one maajid nawaz asked for two private sessions. footage shows the prospective parliamentary candidate attempting to touch her arms and thighs, which is against the venue’s policy.
Kseniya soukeras, 33, wants to name her unborn child Michael, after her late father. her husband Nicholas, 37, prefers the Greek name Spyridon, after his own father.
David Adam pate, 25, pleaded guilty to murdering 33-year-old Ricky james. told his mother he enjoyed knifing him 39 times with a butcher's knife. said: 'it was his fault. why would anyone go into the woods with someone who looks like me?' he was sentenced to life in prison without the chance of parole on thursday.
on four separate occasions, grey seals have been spied feasting on harbour porpoises that they have killed. video footage of one of the attacks shows a male contentedly ripping chunks of blubber off his prey, as the water turns bloody. although killer seals are known to lurk in the waters off the continent, this is the first time they have been seen around Britain.
Alfred Guy vuozzo, 46, shot dead father, 68, and son, 39, last august. he was two years old when his sister, Cathy, was killed in crash in 1970. driver's father, Herbert, who was behind wheel, received nine-month sentence. vuozzo confronted driver's son, Brent, and grandson, Brendon, in home. he shot them both in 'execution-style' killings to aven
analysis suggests up to 100billion barrels of oil under home counties. goldmine in the weald basin could meet a third of britain's oil demand within 15 years. industry experts remain sceptical of the claims, with one describing them as ‘overly optimistic’.
the alarm clock, called wak, is affixed to the wall behind the bed. it pivots to send a focused beam of light and sound towards one sleeper. parametric speakers emit focused ultrasonic waves to rouse an individual. device has built in rechargeable batteries and a wi-fi connected processor.
Ryan Wray, 26, was charged with second-degree felony forcible sexual abuse in relation to a series of alleged assaults. a woman who went to a party at the 'Pike house' told police she awoke to find Wray 'touching her inappropriately without her approval' when he was brought in for questioning, he confessed to groping the victim while she was passed out.
you don’t need to go to the african savannahs or the amazonian rainforests to find wild life. but if it’s real wild life you’re after, then a British safari is extraordinarily rewarding. here are a few suggestions.
80,000 children face missing out on their preferred primary school. more than 20,000 at risk of being denied any of their preferred choices. four in ten pupils expected not to get a place at their favourite school. escalating crisis over places fuelled by baby boom and immigration.
the nine-year-old was'sexually abused by no fewer than ten men' in captivity. aid workers say she could die if she delivered a baby. around 40,000 people were kidnapped at gunpoint by Isis last summer.
super-fit athlete started her first marathon in Chester on august 6. she completed her 53rd consecutive run in manchester on sept 27. challenge saw her pound out 1,388 miles and go through five pairs of trainers. but the athlete also ran into a new love after she got close to friend Dave.
anonymous donor posted plain brown envelope to officials at bath abbey. gave £1.5million to the church's £20million restoration fund. the church has been granted £10.4million of heritage lottery funding. but only if they can raise the remaining £7.1million by the end of the year.
the search for missing woman Jessica bialek is over after she returned home. the 37-year-old had been missing since about 8:30am on Wednesday morning. her husband, Sabino matera, confirmed she was home shortly after 6:30pm on Thursday. police thanked the public and media for their help in locating the mother-of-one.
Julia van herck, 42, from west london, ballooned to 23 stone after getting married. she would comfort eat tubs of ice-cream and family-sized pizzas. mother-of-three used food as an 'emotional crutch' and hid them in cabinets. a health scare in 2012 prompted her to lose weight and she had surgery.
celebrity chef has shared two incredible stories about women who claim the Paleo diet has helped alleviate the symptoms of multiple sclerosis. a 30-year-old woman, known only as hollie, wrote that she thought her life was over when she was diagnosed with relapsing-remitting multiple sclerosis in september 2013. after jumping on the Paleo diet bandwagon, Hollie claims she has not suffered any MS symptoms over the past 12 months, her depression has gone and she feels healthier than
map shows sightings of extra-terrestrials around the world in the last 76 years. it was created by writer Levi Pearson, who used a dataset from the national UFO reporting centre and open source software from cartoDB. map shows a dramatic rise in the number of sightings during the 1950s and 1960s across the world.
St. louis blues forward Ryan Reaves was checked into the glass by blackhawks defenseman Brent seabrook on sunday. he calmly dug around his mouth until he pulled out his own tooth. it fell into his hand and he gave it to a team trainer.
the creature, named. Hyalinobatrachium dianae, was found in the mountains of eastern. Costa Rica and has a distinctive call. while most of its body is a brilliant lime green, the skin on its underside is see-through, making its organs easily visible.
61-year-old mailman Doug Hughes landed his gyrocopter on the west lawn of the u.s. capitol last week to protest campaign finance laws. he was swiftly taken into custody and is now under house arrest in florida. his 12-year-old daughter, Kathy, said she is 'downright proud' of her father. on monday, he shared footage of his 80-mile journey to the capitol. he said he never feared he would be
Stephanie Scott, 26, was last seen at a woolworths supermarket at Leeton, 550km west of Sydney, on Easter Sunday afternoon. her fiancé Aaron Leeson-woolley said she was excited about her wedding day on Saturday. police have launched a state-wide search for the teacher.
human rights watch study finds women and girls as young as eight kidnapped. they are forced to convert to Islam and raped repeatedly by ISIS fighters. one survivor said she was 'owned' and raped by seven different men. harrowing accounts given by women who have escaped captured by group. many feel suicidal after ordeal and need better medical and psychological support.
battle between lenders has intensified in recent months, plunging home loan rates to their lowest in history. HSBC announced a 1.99 per cent interest rate on a five-year fix. experts said it was the cheapest ever deal of its kind and described move as 'astonishing'
Isis was deemed inappropriate and removed from the hurricane list by the UN's World Meteorological Organization. as the name of an ancient goddess of Egypt, Isis had been on the WMO list of names for hurricanes in 2016. the hurricane committee also backed Mexico's request to retire the name Odile and decided on Odalys as its replacement.
blue peter contestants whittled down to three from 5,700 hopefuls. they had to solve a series of clues to work out the location of the'spy school' the youngsters even got to attend a meeting with director-general.
YouTuber Dave hax shows how to peel potatoes without using a peeler. he advises using a knife to run the blade around the middle of the spud. the blade should run just through the skin without cutting through the flesh. the next step is to use your fingers to gently pull the skin off.
researchers studied liver transplants on pregnant and non-pregnant mice. found 82 per cent of liver had regenerated after two days in young mice. in older, pregnant mice around 96 per cent had regenerated.
more than 700 Asiatic black bears have allegedly been butchered in the past year. sources say owners are killing them to 'extract the last ounce of blood' paws, meat and gall bladders of'moon bears' sold for £625 a bear and smuggled to china.
water-conscious residents have turned to techniques that utilize so-called 'gray water' to help them meet the unprecedented new water-use restrictions imposed by governor Jerry brown last week. 'gray water' comes in through the faucet, is used to wash hands and then flows into the toilet tank to be used to flush. and just next door to weld, neighbor Chris brown is using the left over water from his showers, laundry and sinks to irrigate his yard.
Emma Hannigan was told in 2005 that she carried the faulty brca1 gene. increases a woman's chance of getting breast cancer by 85 per cent. opted to have a double mastectomy and oophorectomy in 2006. a year later, 42-year-old was diagnosed with breast cancer. has battled the disease nine times, including four bouts in the space of a year.
Nadine crooks, 33, who lives in. Smethwick, west Midlands, was stunned to discover she was expecting again. doctors told her she had polycystic ovary syndrome following the birth of her son Joshua 18 months ago. she stopped taking contraceptives and was stunned when she fell pregnant for a fifth time last November.
anti-gay protest held at McGuffey high school in washington county. organizers encouraged anyone who shared their bigoted stance to show support by wearing a flannel shirt to school and writing 'Anti-gay' on their hands. students report that openly gay pupils also had Bible verses pined to their lockers and were physically bullied by the so-called protesters.
sheeran took time out of his schedule over the weekend to help jess knight celebrate her 20th birthday in hospital. the 20-year-old had planned on being at sheeran's concert in Auckland having bought tickets back in October. but just two weeks later she was diagnosed with leukemia and had to give up her concert tickets. with the help of her friends, Ms Knight launched a social media campaign to catch sheeran's attention and beg him to visit her in hospital. sheer
BB-8 took to the stage at star wars celebration convention in california. it literally ran rings around retro droid R2-D2 on its spherical body. director, jj abrams, confirmed that a real robot was used during filming. but he did not reveal how the robot worked, leaving twitter talking.
Zachary davis was 15 when he killed his mother, Melanie, 46, with a sledgehammer while she was sleeping in her bed. he then set his family home ablaze in an attempt to also kill his older brother, Josh. on Tuesday, a court in tennessee heard how he laughed as he killed his mother, leaving her bloodied and unrecognizable. he is charged with first-degree murder, attempted first-degree murder and aggravated arson
artifacts from the shipwreck of a royal yacht sunk off the coast of Kauai 191 years ago are finally being returned to the island. shipwreck chaser Richard Rogers worked with scientists from the smithsonian institution to dredge up the findings. 'we found gold, silver, Hawaiian poi pounders, gemstones, a boat whistle, knives, forks, mica, things from all over the world, high- and low-end european
former head of the health service says labour's plans will leave it in a 'financial hole' branded'man with no shame' after refusing to resign over mid staffs.
tv star is a regular at the five-star resort in the algarve. the resort boasts five swimming pools and a fine-dining restaurant. but the sea is sharp-intake-of-breath cold.
chess commentator said women were not suited to playing chess. said they were 'hard-wired very differently' and weren't as adept as men. critics pointed out that he lost a high-profile game against a woman grandmaster.
flight lieutenant Stephen Beaumont took bear on every RAF flight he took. the pilot gave his teddy a RAF tie and printed the royal crest on his chest. when he died aged 87, his bear was passed to his family as a memento. it is now being tipped to sell for £10,000 when it goes under the hammer at bonhams.
letourneau, 53, and her student-turned-husband, 31-year-old vili fualaau, met when he was in her second grade class in 1996. she then taught him again in sixth grade and by the summer, their relationship turned sexual. letourneau fell pregnant with the boy's child and was sentenced to six months in jail. weeks after her release, she was found having sex with him in her car and fell pregnant with their second daughter. the couple
Visual Health Studios in Colorado has developed a weight loss app called Visualize You. it calculates what you would look like if you lost a specified amount of weight. users are shown an original and a slimmer version, with a slider. they can compare how they would look before and after losing weight. the app costs £1.61 ($2.40) on android and £1.49 ($1.99) on iOS. it has been developed with the wellness institute of the Cleveland clinic, the university of Colorado anschutz health
higher doses of vitamin e, found in foods such as kale and almonds, can mitigate the stress on immune cells. oxidative stress can also happen after smoking, breathing in pollution and even sunbathing. if immune cells lack repair enzyme Gpx4, the T cells die off as they divide, which means the immune system becomes weak.
Hillary Clinton's now-famous mystery mobile, an oversized, armored Chevy van, stopped in Iowa on Tuesday. unlike on Monday when she stopped at an Ohio Chipotle for lunch, she popped into a coffee house in le Claire, Iowa, for a cup of joe. and at Tuesday's stop people actually recognized her.
Mohammed Waqar, 23, and Mohammed Siddique, 60, are accused of assaulting a youngster at the UK Islamic Mission's jamia mosque in sparkbrook, Birmingham. the boy was allegedly slapped repeatedly during religious lessons at the mosque between may 1 and June 13 last year. a court heard the attack happened when the boy made mistakes with his studies, including failing to read the Koran properly.
new interactive map has revealed public opinion in all 50 states, 435 congressional districts and more than 3,000 counties. nationally, 52 per cent of americans are worried about global warming. but opinions vary wildly between states, local communities, and congressional districts. people in california, for instance, are far more worried than those in parts of the central us.
Nikki balovich had taken off her diamond-encrusted silver ring as she was pregnant and her fingers were swollen. when she couldn't find it, she suspected their 90-pound baby mastiff Halli had swallowed it up, but there was no way of checking. finally, almost half a year later, she saw a post on a facebook sales site saying a wedding ring had been found in an 'unusual place' she contacted the user, Bob Pot
Marisa curlen, 20, was a sophomore at the university and a member of the Alpha Phi sorority. police were awaiting the results of an autopsy to determine the exact cause of death, but they said there was no evidence to suggest foul play. curlen's sudden passing left her hometown reeling as she became the third member of her graduating class to die in less than a year.
Davion only, 16, has been stuck in the foster care system since the day his mother gave birth to him behind bars. he captured hearts around the country when he made a plea in front of church congregation for a family to 'love him forever' this after he was adopted by a minister in ohio but sent back into the system when he got into a fight with one of the minister's children. his case worker, connie bell going, has now found him a
delonte martistee, 22, and Ryan calhoun, 23, have been suspended from Troy university in the wake of sexual assault claims. police discovered cellphone footage of them sexually assaulting a woman at the Spinnaker beach club in Panama city, florida last month. the video allegedly shows hundreds of people gathered around the girl as the men violate her while she lays on a beach chair. the unidentified victim believes she was drugged before the incident.
nine other worlds in total are now suspected to have some form of subsurface ocean containing far more water than is on earth. the agency released an infographic detailing the various worlds of our solar system suspected to have subsurface oceans. it follows claims by the space agency that we could find life in the next ten or 20 years.
more than 2,000 families have fled the Iraqi city of Ramadi after ISIS forces intensified their offensive on the city. the advance is widely seen as an ISIS's attempt at a counteroffensive after being forced to abandon the important Iraqi city of Tikrit. 400,000 Iraqis were already displaced, including 60,000 in Ramadi district, according to the international organization for migration.
flights were halted for about 20 minutes while a police helicopter scoured the area. airport opened its second runway to clear the backlog of flights. radio-controlled drones pose a significant threat because they could be sucked into a jet engine.
letter was sent from white star lines to the family of officer james moody. in it, bosses demand £20 - the equivalent of £2,000 in today's money - to return body. state it will be the family's job to pay for transportation to the morgue. also say it will be the family's job to pay for burial and transport to the morgue.
Andras Janos vass, 25, lured gay men to the u.s. with promises of work. he took their travel documents, threatened their families and made them spend 20 hours a day on sex work, prosecutors said. he faces a maximum sentence of 155 years in prison.
Kendall Schler crept onto the GO! st. louis marathon's course after the last checkpoint, didn't record any of her times electronically along the way, and didn't run the entire 26.2 miles. Schler claims to have removed both the magnetic strips meant to record her times from her race (violation of race protocol) since no photographs of her were taken along the way there is no proof she is the rightful winner. her finish time that qualified her to run in Monday's Boston marathon has
a new report has revealed that the Missouri National Guard referred to protesters as 'enemy forces' during demonstrations last year. protesters were also known as 'adversaries', according to internal briefings seen by CNN this week. the guard were first activated in Ferguson in august after riots and looting broke out amid peaceful demonstrations over police brutality.
Cristina coria, a stay-at-home mom with a nine-month old child, helped police nab a man accused of stealing her husband's truck. the 18-year-old suspect claimed he bought the truck parts on the street from a stranger outside the city. a search of his truck turned up an illegal pistol.
desflurane, isoflurane and sevoflurane are potent greenhouse gases. they have 2,500 times the impact on global warming compared to carbon dioxide. concentrations have been rising globally in the past decade.
researchers from Lancaster university scanned the brains of participants as they read passages from the collection. they found common use of 'arousing words' affected parts of the brain concerned with emotion. the emotional potential of words is rated in terms of valence and arousal ratings. valence refers to how positive or negative a word is, while arousal refers to its 'physiological intensity'
four men accused of stabbing a mozambican man to death in a township. the murder of Emmanuel sithole was captured on camera. shocking images show men beating him with a wrench in broad daylight. the four men will remain in custody until a full trial, set for may 4th.
almond growers in california are at the centre of a row over water usage during one of the worst droughts in decades. the state supplies more than three-quarters of the world's $4.93billion(£3.3bn) almond market. local residents have also attacked the bottled water industry, after it was revealed several companies have been 'depleting mountain streams and watersheds' almonds are high in potassium, calcium, vitamin e and magnesium, and are thought to reduce cholesterol
train conductor Graham Palmer has been giving safety announcements in verse since last year. he even customises the self-penned couplets according to the stations he's passing through. the 52-year-old has worked on trains since 2006 after a career working with glass.
italian bio-designers have unveiled project to 3D print organic tissues. this could be used to produce working body parts that can replace the eyes of people suffering from disease. the team behind the project say their synthetic eyes, which include lenses that improves the image sharpness and can put filters over the vision, could be available by 2027.
the 6'7'' swingman was wrestled over by officers and grabbed around the neck. he was arrested alongside teammate pero anti for allegedly preventing police from setting up a crime scene. sefolosha was left with a broken right fibula and torn ligaments. the injury has left him in 'great pain' and he will miss the rest of the season.
stocks of the influenza vaccine are arriving a month later than expected. scientists have included protection against Influenza A strain H3N2 and Influenza B strain B/Phuket. the decision to include both was triggered by a spike in flu-related deaths in the northern hemisphere as the vaccine was not a good match to fight against the two types of flu. high-risk groups will be able to access free, government-funded flu shots from April 20.
the new app targets young children with unfair and deceptive advertising, a group of consumer advocates told the federal trade commission in a letter. the consumer activists say the app is so stuffed with advertisements and product placements that it's hard to tell the difference between entertainment and commercials.
Texas health resources filed a response on friday to the lawsuit by nurse Nina pham. she contracted the deadly disease while caring for a man visiting from liberia, the first u.s. patient to die from the disease. a doctor videotaped Pham while she was in her hospital bed on October 16 and images were later made public. the hospital says it respected pham's privacy and only acted with her consent.
eldest daughter Nancy has taken to likening her father to modern family character. he admits the comparison is 'not great', with even his fashion getting thumbs down.
Cindy Santamaria-Williams, of Stroudsburg, Pennsylvania is covered in bruises and has a broken eye socket following the alleged attack on Easter Sunday. police are on the hunt for the teenagers and said that they will face assault charges if caught. Santamaria-Williams said she shushed three girls in the dark theater during fast and furious 7 because they were cursing loudly.
Tyrus byrd, 40, was sworn in as mayor of Parma, southeastern mo, last week. she was overshadowed by the departure of the majority of the police force, the city attorney, the city clerk and the water treatment supervisor. officials all cited'safety concerns' in their resignation letters, the outgoing mayor says. there are 713 people living in the community and 57percent are white.
the eight-book series was written between 1970 and 2012. follows a 'gunslinger' on his journey towards a tower. javier bardem and Russell Crowe rumoured to be interested in lead roles.
the wonderland house in Brighton sleeps up to 24 with tea party sets and queen of heart themed bunk beds. the looking glass cottage sleeps two with décor inspired by the fantasy story.
young fisherman in thailand reels in a fish with a plastic toy fishing rod. he stands on the bank of what appears to be a lake with a big grin on his face. the boy crouches down by the side of the water and moves his rod from side to side. a fish breaks the surface of the water and the boy plucks it out. he confidently puts his finger in its mouth and removes the hook.
reddit users have been comparing the most effective punishments their parents doled out when they were children. many of the schemes are both hilarious and genius. parents often struggle to find the right balance between a punishment being effective and not too harsh.
Marilyn zuniga, a teacher at forest street school in orange, new jersey, had her third graders write letters to mumia abu-jamal. the letters were delivered to Abu-jamal in prison as he was recovering in hospital following his hospitalization last month for what his family said was treatment for complications from diabetes. the former black Panther is serving life behind bars for the 1981 murder of white Philadelphia police officer Daniel Faulkner.
Zella Jackson price, 76, was told shortly after delivering her baby that the infant had died. but the baby was still very much alive and had for an unknown reason been given up for adoption. her children helped her find her mother through a name given to her through her adoptive parents.
the number of australians visiting Bali over the past two months was up 16.7 per cent from the same period last year. an australian expert says it is unfortunate the fate of Bali nine drug smugglers is probably third on the list of concerns about Indonesia among fellow nationals. legislation proposed by two Islamic parties banning consumption of all beverages containing more than one per cent alcohol is considered more of a worry.
shadow chancellor refused to rule out a five-point rise in corporation tax. he was also evasive about the 40p rate of income tax. businesses are already concerned about labour’s stated plans not to cut corporation tax as the tories have vowed to if they win office.
collective ceremony was billed the first of its kind to be held in china. the 21 canine couples arrived in BMW convertibles and a stretch Hummer limousine. a traditional wedding march played as the love-struck pooches were led down the aisle by their owners.
perfumers spend vast amounts of time and money creating fragrances that evoke positive feelings of satisfaction and sensuality. vanilla is a smell that's strongly associated with pleasure, says professor Jacob. lily of the valley is one of the most popular fragrances on the market.
Morrissey has written a public letter to the just group imploring them to cease their use of angora wool. the retailer has so far refused to back down on their stance in using the controversial fur. the singer will be performing four sold-out shows at the Sydney opera house in may.
Stefan Stoykov is a senior at north central high school in indiana. moved to the us from bulgaria as an eight-year-old when he could not speak english. now 18, he has been accepted into some of the finest schools on the planet. brown, Columbia, Cornell, dartmouth, Harvard, Penn, Yale and Princeton have all come knocking.
Grand Rapids, Michigan police have an arrest warrant out for suspect Jalin Smith-Walker in connection to the Monday evening fight. the 19-year-old was captured on video by a bystander who uploaded the clip to the website world star hip hop. in a heartless response, she pulls her car forward and plows over her rival lying in the street.
Barbie's style Instagram account, @BarbieStyle, has more than 730,000 followers. the doll's vice president of design, Kim Culmone, said the account tells the story of Barbie's role in pop culture today as a 'contemporary girl with an aspirational lifestyle'
more than 80 per cent of young people feel lonely at some point. half of those aged 55 and over said they never felt lonely. 43 per cent of 18 to 34-year-olds admitted they wished they had more friends.
the bill included language that prohibited the companies from discriminating against customers based on sexual orientation or gender identity. Republican senator Jason smalley rewrote the bill to eliminate that language and allow private businesses to establish their own policies regarding discrimination. Uber and Lyft already have policies in place that prohibit discrimination against customers based on sexual orientation or gender identity.
more than 70,000 people have signed a petition to have the spikes removed. fast food giant has defended the use of the spikes in Leeds city centre. critics say they are there to stop people sleeping rough.
defence secretary michael fallon led ferocious assault on the labour leader. claimed he cannot be trusted not to sell out in 'grubby' deal with the sNP. poll suggests up to three-quarters of labour candidates oppose replacement of Trident.
Ophelia conant managed to crawl backwards through gap in her cot. the 19-month-old was left hanging mid air by her neck by the handrail. her mother, louise conant, was watching the incident unfold on a baby monitor. days later a second toddler was found dangling from the £450 bed. furniture boss Phillip Dickens was today fined £50,000 and given a suspended prison sentence.
smugglers include snakes, bush meat, combs that double as flick-knives and corpses 'propped up in a wheelchair wearing wonky sunglasses' drugs are often hidden in hollowed-out disposable lighters, AA batteries that unscrew to reveal a stash inside and shaving cream aerosols cleverly made to still squirt real foam out the top.
aluel manyang was moved from the intensive care unit at the royal children's hospital about 5.15pm on friday. she greeted her distraught mother, akon goode, with a 'big hug' her father, Joseph manyang, said his daughter was expected to make a '100 per cent' recovery and she should be allowed to go home within four days. her siblings - one-year-old brother Bol and four-year-old twins madit and anger
Finder.com.au money and real estate expert Michelle hutchison says there are easy ways to improve the look and feel of your home.'spending a relatively small amount can go a seriously long way when it comes to the returns you could make on your home,' she said. putting in new lights and light fittings can make a home stand out. de-cluttering and reworking the wardrobes will add cash to your sale, she said.
Hattie gladwell blogs about her experience of living with an ostomy bag. she underwent emergency surgery for ulcerative colitis. has called for the new tips from former smokers ad to be banned.
Robin esser has worked in national newspapers for 60 years. best stories are from his days as editor of the William hickey gossip column in the daily express.
Argentine government accuses three companies of working without permission. accuses them of sending a semi-submersible rig to explore a basin 120 miles north of the islands ‘subjected to the illegitimate British occupation’.
Jo burston, 43, is an award-winning tech entrepreneur. her first start-up, job capital, turned over $40 million in its first four years. last year she caught the attention of billionaire investor, richard branson.
Karen buckley, 24, went missing from a nightclub in glasgow on sunday. she was last seen leaving the flat of a man she had met at around 4am. police have tracked down the man and are not treating him as a suspect. miss buckley's parents Marian and John have flown to Scotland to help search. her mother Marion said: 'we just want Karen home safely, we are desperate'
man was found in the streets of Gniezno, western poland, in february. told police he has no memory of who he is or where he is from. police have released pictures and asked experts to work out his accent.
Keith macdonald, 29, has sired a massive brood with at least ten mothers. he was set to become a father for the sixteenth time but has split from the mother. macdonald said: 'there is no baby - it's not mine and i'm single now'
police response times in some areas have increased by up to 50 per cent. in Bedfordshire the average response time has increased from seven to 11 minutes. in Essex and Kent, crime victims are waiting up to a third longer. figures released by the home office under the freedom of information act.
Freddie gray, 27, lapsed into a coma and died on sunday morning. he was arrested at the Gilmor homes last week for an undisclosed violation. police say he was dragged to a police van and placed in restraints. he suffered a broken vertebra and an injured voice box, his family said. the race of the officers involved could not immediately be confirmed.
Dennis sears changed his will to leave everything to live-in home help. he disinherited relatives who had been intended beneficiaries for 20 years. four months later, he died at the age of 87 with Parkinson's disease. his family claimed carer exploited 'vulnerable' childless widower. but carer insists he had a change of heart after falling out with family.
channel ten show apologised for using footage of the wrong comic. they were promoting their upcoming interview with us comedian, michael che. but two of the three clips shown were of another comic, Jay pharoah. presenter Waleed aly admitted 'we stuffed up' later on during the program.
billionaires are splashing out on vessels that give them a glimpse of the dramatic seascapes and incredible wildlife of the world's oceans. dubbed earth's real 'final frontier', the oceans are still so little-explored that billionaires are queuing up to buy vessels.
the rare Omura's whale washed up on a remote beach in west australia. it is the first sighting of the species in the state and only the second in australia. scientists struggled to identify the 5.68m juvenile female with DNA profiling.
this year's election has brought with it a bizarre batch of merchandise. shot glasses emblazoned with david Cameron's face and party leader underwear. many of these can be purchased on the official party websites.
taxi driver Mohammed Nisar, 55, was driving sole trader to train station. passenger hopped out of vehicle in a rush, forgetting his rucksack. on realising his mistake says he felt 'dazed' and 'physically sick'
the duchess of cambridge, 33, has embraced the high street during pregnancy. her favourite labels include Hobbs, seraphine and l.k. Bennett. she also favoured a £35 ASOS polka-dot dress and a £160 Hobbs shirt dress.
customers sought to claim money back from travel insurers earlier this month. they were asked to provide airline letter confirming cancellation. easyJet told hard-hit passengers to pay £10 fee for proof of cancellation.
beautification robot was created by maya pindeus and Johanna pichlbauer. machine made its debut at the biennale internationale design saint-etienne. women were filmed testing the machine for their art project.
Robert ewing, 60, is accused of murdering 15-year-old Paige chivers. court heard he had an 'inappropriate sexual interest' in the schoolgirl. he allegedly called police two weeks prior to her disappearance to 'test the water' he allegedly told officers a 'problem child' had turned up on his doorstep. eight months after her disappearance, he allegedly dumped her body. he is on trial at Preston crown court accused of
Graeme finlay, 53, is accused of attacking Ronald and June Phillips, 70. couple were travelling on a luxury liner off the coast of lanzarote. court heard he was 'ignored' when he sat with them in the restaurant. he claims he was struck with his crutch but the couple say they were ambushed.
Erica Ann Ginnetti, 35, pleaded guilty in december to institutional sexual assault and disseminating sexually explicit materials to a minor. judge Garrett page reportedly called her 'dangling candy' and asked 'what young man would not jump on that candy?' he also chastised her for sending the student explicit photos and videos of herself. Ginnetti will also face three years’ probation, 100 hours of community service and will have to register as a s
Jeremy hunt said a future conservative government would look into findings 'in detail' disgust among frontline NHS staff and patients over pay freezes. rcp president called for an independent review of top NHS pay.
Dave heeley, 57, from west bromwich, took part in the marathon des sables. father-of-three ran 156 miles and slept in tents in the desert over six days. he hopes to raise more than £30,000 for the albion foundation.
motorists could be hit with a hike in fuel duty if labour gets into power. deputy labour leader refused to rule out above-inflation increases in taxes. Chancellor said remarks showed labour would bring back ‘fuel duty escalator’.
there are now 120 confirmed HIV cases and 10 preliminary positive cases tied to Scott county, about 30 miles north of Louisville, Kentucky. that's up from 106 last week, said the Indiana state department of health. health officials who declared an epidemic last month have said they expect the number of cases to rise as more people are tested.
bill and denise Richard wrote a moving op-ed in the Boston Globe, a day after the two-year anniversary of their son's death. they say they oppose the death penalty for convicted terrorist dzhokhar tsarnaev. 'we hope our two remaining children do not have to grow up with the lingering, painful reminder of what the defendant took them, which years of appeals would undoubtedly bring,' they wrote. last week a jury
the 34-year-old has expanded her range for plus-size retailer Evans. showcased the collection this evening at one of the chain's flagship stores. new additions include brightly coloured swing tops and blouses.
noelle baynham's body was found by a friend after she failed to answer the door. it is believed the 61-year-old collapsed and died following an accidental overdose. pathologist could not determine the exact cause of death because the dogs ate her vital organs.
the city of 100,000 souls on the shores of lake Titicaca could leave you breathless. hotels stock oxygen to revive tourists from soroche - altitude sickness. the floating islands in the lake are a mesmerising sight.
the eight-inch leather dildo with a wooden head was found in a latrine. it was found during an excavation at an old school of swordsmanship.
poll by insurer direct line found parking charges top the list of most-loathed fees and charges. 48 per cent thought they should be free, while 31 per cent said they are too high. also high up on the list of most-hated charges are ATM cash withdrawal fees and debit and credit card surcharges.
Sabrina Osterkamp was last seen leaving her home in Naracoorte at about midday on sunday. she was driving a friend's car about 110km south to Mount Gambier in south australia's southeast. the car she was driving was discovered the same afternoon on bay road in the heart of Mount Gambier.
brin is a biological toxin that is 30 times more deadly than ricin. he was caught after an investigation was launched by the north west counter-terrorism unit in January. today he pleaded guilty to trying to buy the toxin at Manchester Youth court.
the aircraft carrier USS theodore Roosevelt and eight other combat vessels have been deployed to waters off the coast of Yemen. they are keeping an eye on eight Iranian cargo vessels suspected of carrying weapons to the rebels in the besieged north-African nation. the presence raised fears within the Saudi-led coalition which is helping Yemen's government fight off Iranian-backed rebels known as the houthis. coalition continued its aerial assault on the rebels in the country today, killing at least 20 people in the capital Sana'
suicide bomber detonated explosive-laden motorcycle outside bank in jalalabad. killed 35 people and injured another 125 as crowds bustled around them. pictures show shoes, belongings and commercial goods scattered. one witness said a man in a suit arrived on a motorbike seconds earlier.
pumpkin seed oil is being touted as the new must-have health food. rich in vitamins, minerals and fatty acids, it can help strengthen hair. pumpkin seeds and chia seeds topped a top-ten list of mood-boosting foods.
three-bedroom flat in one of the most expensive areas to live in britain has been put on the market for £575,000. but the 'bargain' property comes with a catch, as it has just three years left on the lease. the cost would work out at £191,000 per year, or £15,000 per month. if any buyer decides to extend the lease, the property could be worth upwards of £6 million.
the duo have been unveiled as the faces of burberry's new eyewear range. show off razor-sharp cheekbones and flawless skin as they model the frames. the collection is inspired by gabardine - the original material of the trench coat.
Jia huaijin, 33, uses the 2,000-year-old technique to make the swords. they are highly sought after by international collectors from as far as canada. the blades would have been the type used by warriors in the Han dynasty.
Abdul hadi arwani, 48, was found slumped in a car with wounds to his chest. father of six was a fierce critic of president bashar al-Assad's governing regime. he was a preacher at the an-noor mosque in acton, west london. last night it emerged counter-terrorism officers are leading the inquiry.
style blogger hass murad and PR maven Roxy jacenko were both pictured with their mini-me's this week at the Carriageworks venue in Sydney. jacenko's three-year-old daughter pixie curtis was the youngest attendee at the Toni maticevski show on Tuesday.
waitrose announced yesterday the early arrival of its first British tomatoes of the year. it is stocking large Jack Hawkins, aromatic red choice and tiny baby plums. supermarket has been stocking asparagus since the beginning of the month.
Janek zylinski posted the challenge online after declaring he had 'had enough' of the ukip leader. the aristocratic son of war hero fought the nazis in 1939 and lives in west London. he says he has had enough of discrimination against immigrants.
bobby on the beat is 'at risk of disappearing', says labour leader. rising numbers of serious criminals 'are being let off the hook', he says. launch of criminal justice plans risked being over-shadowed by Lord Stephens. he is being investigated over allegations of cover-up of police corruption.
converted four-bedroom home on lawrenny court was built as a garage to service the generous 57-room mansion homeden. the conversion took place at the same time homeden was being tuned into a block of flats. the property will fetch upward of $3.5 million on auction day.
one in seven couples have trouble conceiving - and it's often not clear why. nutritionist Isabelle Obert believes a good diet can affect the health of the sperm and the egg before they even meet. says a diet rich in minerals, vitamins, essential fats and proteins can prepare a man and a woman's body for conception.
petri Kurti, 13, murdered 47-year-old glynis bensley as she walked home. he then fled to a nearby park and boasted about the savage attack. he was jailed for a minimum of 12 years today and will be on licence for life. his co-defendant, Zoheb Majid, was sentenced to 10 years behind bars.
the 37-year-old photographer vanished on her way to the bank around 8.30am on wednesday. her husband, Sabino matera, posted a heartfelt thank you on social media. 'the last 24hr have been hell for me and my family and you all made a huge positive impact on the great outcome: jess safe back home,' he wrote.
Jeremy Clarkson said cancer warning was one of most stressful experiences of life. two days before assault he was told by doctor he might have cancer. 'we were in the middle of a top gear series. and top gear always came first' sacked by corporation after 'unprovoked physical and verbal' attack.
police have released a photo of a bearded young man they want to speak to. the image shows a brown haired, Caucasian male wearing a black top. the fire was started at St Mary's Catholic church in Dandenong. the church is said to be the site of child sex attacks perpetrated by now-deceased convicted paedophile priest Father Kevin O'Donnell.
young Harry was out with his parents in Cambridge on bank holiday Monday. he was caught under a cyclist's wheel and dragged along the path. police have now urged the cyclist to contact officers over the incident.
Natalie Bennett has distanced herself from the bizarre blog posts of her boyfriend. Jim jepps used a blog called the daily maybe to defend rape fantasies. he also described paedophiles as 'complex human beings'. the couple met online five years ago and have been dating for five years.
Linda McLean was in her classroom at pine Eagle charter school in the tiny town of halfway in august of that year when a masked man in a hoodie burst in with a gun, lowered it to her head and pulled the trigger. the 56-year-old elementary school teacher had no clue it was a drill to test her 'preparedness' or that the gun was loaded with blanks. now, years after learning of the 'harebrained scheme,' she
adored school teacher Stephanie went missing on Easter Sunday. her body was found in nearby bushland the following Friday. her father Robert has opened up about the grief her family is feeling. he said it is especially painful that Stephanie's life has been taken away when she had so much to look forward to.
the technology billionaire pursued a sale of his struggling electric-car company Tesla to google for $6 billion in 2013, according to a new biography. beset by technical problems on its flagship model s, Tesla in early 2013 was on the verge of bankruptcy. in march 2013, Musk contacted google co-founder Larry page, according to the excerpt, which cited two people close to the situation. he proposed that google buy Tesla for $6 billion and promise an additional $5 billion in factory expansions.
ancient civilisations hit by 'perfect storm' of disasters 3,200 years ago. droughts, famines, climate change, earthquakes and rebellions happened in quick succession. collapse of one also affected the others, creating a domino-like effect. Egypt's Old kingdom collapsed 4,200 years ago because it failed to adapt to climate change.
brothers of men convicted of sex offences five times more likely to commit crimes. sons of fathers with criminal record four times more likely to be convicted. biggest study of its kind suggests sex offending could run in the family. 40 to 50 per cent of differences in risk between close relatives of offenders and men from the general population were genetically driven.
photographer and mother-of-two, Kate T. Parker, from Atlanta, was inspired to create her aptly-titled series strong is the new pretty.
the 27-year-old hasn't played a snap in the NFL in over two years since being cut by the new england patriots before the 2013 season. the team announced the contract Monday but did not disclose the financial terms of the deal. 6-3, 236-pound. Tebow worked out with the. Eagles last month and must have impressed head coach. chip Kelly.
Annabel Jensen, Grayson Moore and Sara jade woodhouse, all from Utah, have transitioned genders. grayson Moore, 22, is a math student at the university of Utah, and first came to terms with being transgender in junior high. he threw out his girls' clothes and started wearing boys' clothes. a few years later, he began testosterone therapy, which has made his body more masculine. he attends an all-male congregation, but is officially still
a crocodile called 'Gregory' was captured by a farmer in 1989. the 5.2 metre reptile had been stealing cattle from a local farmer. farmer Mick tabone spent 20 years sitting on the croc's back. he set up traps for the reptile in a last bid to save him.
gold lame tuxedo is making a special two month appearance at the Elvis at the O2 exhibition from Sunday. astronomical price was reportedly a gimmick and the actual value was closer to $2,500. made for the singer by Hollywood tailor nudie cohn, whose other customers have included sir Elton John, Ronald Reagan and John Wayne.
Max Maisel went missing on february 21 after his car was found abandoned. the 21-year-old's body was spotted by a fisherman 200 yards from a coast guard station. he is the son of senior ESPN writer Ivan Maisel. family paid tribute to'sensitive, caring young man' in eulogy seen by Democrat and Chronicle.
the unnamed caller gave a blow-by-blow account as he wandered behind Rafi Meitiv, 10, and his sister Dvora, 6, in Silver spring on Sunday. the 7-minute call would reignite a controversy focused on those kids and their scientist parents, who espouse the hands-off parenting style. the caller, who was out walking his dog in the suburb adjacent to Washington, DC, said he saw 'two kids that are unaccompanied, and they
mohonk mountain house sits on the banks of lake mohonk in the heart of the new york state's Hudson valley. it gets its name from the surrounding mohonk preserve, on the fringes of the monumental Shawangunk ridge. the hotel, lake, gardens and trails are a vast adventure playground for all ages.
Satine cahill was serving as the team's mascot ahead of their match against north Melbourne at Adelaide Oval on sunday. she burst into tears just moments before leading the team onto the field. Tex quickly stepped up to help calm the blonde schoolgirl down before taking her hand and walking with her onto the field. the touching moment between the 24-year-old goal scorer and the blonde schoolgirl was captured by photographers and started doing the rounds on social media.
westley capper, 37, has already admitted driving Agnese Klavina, 30 away from the nightspot in Puerto Banus. police believe 5ft 7in blonde was forced into the vehicle. overweight expat refused to be questioned after being summoned to court. spanish judge expected to order a fresh round of DNA tests after hopes of an early breakthrough in the case foundered.
Charlotte and Joe took selfies to chart their own weightloss success. the 26-year-old was 'fat and unhealthy' after an indulgent christmas. the idea for healthy selfie came after they both achieved incredible results. they decided to launch the app offering others chance to do the same.
archbishop of canterbury will say 148 Christian students were 'witnesses' to their faith and suffered 'cruel deaths' comments follow Pope Francis's denunciation of'senseless' killings at garissa university college.
Rachel lehnardt, 35, was charged with two counts of contributing to the delinquency of a minor following the incident at her home in Evans, georgia. the mom-of-five also allegedly had sex with a man in the bathroom during the party, used sex toys on herself in front of the youngsters and awoke to find a 16-year-old having sex with her. her 16-year-old daughter has now come to her defense on
footage shows jihadi attempting to launch attack on peshmerga forces. car hits what appears to be roadside bomb, catapulting it into the air. just as it begins to fall back down, the car detonates like a firework.
Edwin 'Jock' mee, 46, accused of attacking 11 cadets as young as 15. one woman said she saw him as a father figure after he helped her join army. court heard he slapped her bottom as she left the office, and she told him 'never do that'
veteran explorer, 71, was taken straight to the medical tent because the exertion had begun to take its toll on his heart. he was forced to lie down intermittently during the last few hours of the run because of fears he would not be able to finish the stage. explorer previously suffered two heart attacks and has undergone a double heart bypass, a cancer operation and is in an ongoing fight with diabetes.
at a quick glance, president mugabe appeared to be sporting a new hairstyle. but it was in fact just a cleverly taken photo of a woman standing behind him. the longer hairdo and dangly earrings did in fact belong to a woman. image emerged amid claims he is lining up his daughter to succeed him.
banksy mural seized from homeless owner who claims he was duped into parting with valuable collector's item. he is accused of buying the piece painted on a door belonging to the darduna family without telling them its real value. the now homeless family says they were 'tricked' into parting with the work by the world famous street artist.
Robert 'Bob' burns Jr, 64, died late friday in a single-vehicle crash near Cartersville, georgia. he was a founding member of the southern hard rock band Lynyrd skynyrd. burns' vehicle went off the road just before midnight as it approached a curve, striking a mailbox and a tree.
the Korean demilitarized zone (DMZ) is located along the no-man's land between the north and south. photos captured at the site show an eclectic mix of people going about their day-to-day duties. fishermen and day-trippers are placed alongside soldiers, tanks and their fortified military installations.
Gerry pickens, 28, was the first black man to be hired as a police officer in a small northwestern town. he took a pay cut and moved to Orting, washington, after just under a year on the force. but before his probation year was out, he said he had become the butt of racist jokes from residents and his fellow cops. he was fired for reasons he says are down to the color of his skin. pickens is now suing
Richard Ilczyszyn, 46, 'groaned' and 'cried' on flight from philadelphia to orange county. staff allegedly left him in bathroom before calling paramedics on landing. wife Kelly, a flight attendant, is filing wrongful death suit against airline.
mailman Doug Hughes, 61, landed a gyrocopter on the west lawn of the capitol this week to protest campaign finance laws. he spent two years planning the stunt, which involved crossing the no-fly zone with letters for all 535 members of congress. now under arrest, he has been chaperoned back to his home in florida, where he will wear an electronic tag until his first court hearing next month. he is expected to issue a statement today and has until
non-dom status allows 116,000 foreigners to pay tax only on money they bring. labour leader initially suggested he would 'abolish' non-dom status. but it later emerged he is proposing a time limit on it of between two and five years. tax advisers say driving non-doms away would cost the Treasury.
Tiger woods swung his club into a tree root on the ninth hole at augusta. the 39-year-old was forced to wince and grab his hand in agony. he then revealed his wrist bone had 'popped out' of place. woods shunned medical attention and simply put it back in himself.
the social media site deemed the clip as containing 'potentially offensive nudity' the video had already had 30,000 hits when it was removed on sunday. show's co-creator Rachel Clements said it was'silly and disrespectful'
Neil macGregor, 68, has been at the helm of the museum since 2002. he said it was 'a difficult thing' to decide to leave after 13 years. the museum is 'now ready to embark on a new phase', he said.
the mercury is expected to reach 25c (77f) in the south east today. this will beat Marseille at 22c (72f), athens at 21c (70f), Rome at 19c (66f) and madrid at 18c (64f) temperatures will drop slightly tomorrow as fresher weather arrives. but the days will remain sunny until the middle of next week.
Jose luis proposed to his girlfriend on a set designed and built by photographer Justin bettman. the set was built on the edge of the water in Williamsburg, where the couple had their first date. luis' girlfriend thought they had been cast in a photo shoot before he got down on one knee and popped the question.
David hibbitt, 33, was diagnosed with stage-three bowel cancer in 2012. underwent chemotherapy, radiotherapy and surgery to remove large bowel. doctors told him he had between 18 months and five years to live. in desperation, he decided to try cannabis oil as a last resort. bought it from a local dealer for £50 a gram and has been cancer-free since.
Jennifer bush, now 27, spoke out for the first time on the 19th anniversary of her mother's arrest. in 1996, at the age of 9, she was taken from her family and placed in foster care. after a long legal battle, a jury found her guilty of aggravated child abuse and sentenced her to three years in prison.
man named in china as'mr Zhang' drove past injured woman on motorway. when he arrived at mother's house he found her not home. neighbours told him she had left early that morning with intention of meeting him. when he returned to scene of accident he found his mother dead.
Mitchelle Blair, 35, from Michigan, is charged with felony murder, premeditated murder and torture. court officers carrying out a march 24 eviction at the family's apartment found the frozen corpses of 13-year-old. staoni Blair and 9-year-old Stephen Berry were found dead in a freezer. during a parental rights termination hearing, Blair yelled at the father of one of the children, saying 'never. never. you understand what I'm
prince Harry was greeted by an enthusiastic crowd at the australian war memorial. revellers scrambled to get a piece of the royal on their camera phones. 'the people's prince' laughed and joked with wellwishers. he offered handshakes and high-fives, making himself an instant hit.
Nicola sturgeon said she would consider an 'out' vote in the tories' proposed poll on EU membership as justification to reopen the question of breaking up the UK. she also revealed she intends to be in london on may 8 - the day after the general election - to personally lead the SNP's negotiating team. miss sturgeon's manifesto included proposals to seek to thwart the tories' planned in/out EU referendum by 2017
only the Japanese, south Koreans and Singaporeans are moodier when day breaks, according to a sleep app. the app tracks how well people rest at night by using the motion sensor in their smartphone and comes up with a ‘sleep score’.
Lindsey vonn was back at augusta on friday to watch boyfriend Tiger woods play. woods is 12 strokes behind leader, 21-year-old american Jordan Spieth. woods carded a solid round of three-under-par 69 in the second round.
officer michael slager has been charged with murder of 50-year-old Walter Scott. another man was in the car with him when he was pulled over for having a broken tail light on his Mercedes, it has been revealed. the man, who is not a relative, could shed light on what happened between the officer pulling the pair over and the beginning of the bystander video which shows Scott being shot dead.
David and Sandra greatrex, 53 and 52, from Plymouth, were harassed by their sister. she pretended to be her now sister-in-law and cancelled their wedding. the couple have spoken about their family feud on channel 5 documentary.
clarence taylor, 44, faked his own kidnapping by duct taping his mouth and tying himself to a tree in Akron, ohio. on November 1, Taylor's 45-year-old girlfriend called police, saying he had been missing for several days. while she was on the phone with investigators, another of Taylor's friends said he had found him tied to a tree with zip ties in a wooded area near stoner
Nicola sturgeon's dress divided opinion on twitter during debate last night. many viewers thought the dress was grey, while others said it was green. a student posted a photo of a dress that appeared white and gold.
Clint gee had planned to reunite his mother, who died last year, with his father, who died in 1964. he paid a $342 fee to the council to ensure everything would run smoothly. 'it was all a bit bloody stupid, but I had to do it,' he said.
Shanay Walker was found cold and rigid in her bed by paramedics. she had 50 separate bruises across her body at the time of her death. court heard she was subjected to'repeated acts of cruelty' by aunt. aspiring police officer in her teens, Kay-Ann Morris, is on trial for murder.
grey ‘stealth’ speed traps could be outlawed regardless of which party wins. at least 112,000 motorists given fines or appeared in court last year. increase put down to introduction of ‘smart motorways’.
Daniel boykin, 33, pleaded guilty to unlawful photography, aggravated burglary, wiretapping, unlawful telephone recording and two computer crimes. at the time of his arrest last year, he was found with 92 videos and 1,527 photos of the victim. investigators also found images taken inside the woman's home of air vents and shelves in the bathroom.
the empty pool was used as the unusual catwalk setting for the ten pieces presentation as part of mbfw australia. the lifestyle label produces unisex collections of ten pieces designed to be worn in 20 different ways.
Hassan munshi and Talha asmal, both 17, believed to have fled to war-torn Syria. boys from dewsbury, west yorkshire, last seen by their families on day they are believed to have flown from manchester to dalaman. imam of mosque used by relatives of boys said Muslims must talk to other teenagers who'might be looking at them and thinking this is the way'
the 34-year-old married rapper Kanye west in may last year.
Christian longo was sentenced to death for murdering his family in 2001. he then went on a booze-fuelled holiday to the resort of cancun, mexico. he posed as a shamed new york times reporter before being arrested. a film about his life, True story, starring James Franco and Jonah hill, has been released. the father-of-three believes he can no longer be redeemed for his crimes.
the first family arrived at the Alfred street Baptist church in Alexandria, virginia, on sunday morning for the festive service. pastor Howard-john wesley welcomed the president, before urging the congregation not to take selfies with him.
Janet Faal, 57, was out with a friend in west sussex as part of her rehabilitation. moved a wooden pallet to help them reverse and plunged down gap. now has two black eyes and suspected fractured leg after smashing her face. she was left in a'splits' position as only one of her legs went down the hole.
spray'n'wipe star, 62, reveals she attempted suicide at age 43. daughter Jessica orcsik was the one who found her after a suicide attempt. the actress has revealed her marriage breakdowns contributed to her depression.
Utah photographer Alan Lawrence created a photo series in which his 18-month-old son, Wil, appears to be flying in many different scenes. 'when Wil was little, he would lie on his stomach and raise his arms and legs like he was flying. it wasn't something any of my other kids did,' Lawrence said. the family recently started a Kickstarter campaign to raise awareness about the disorder.
abdirahman sheik mohamud, 23, from ohio, had been instructed by a cleric to return to the u.s. and carry out an act of terrorism, the indictment said. mohamud was also an Islamic state sympathizer, and that his brother, abdifatah aden, was killed fighting with the group in Syria in 2013. the 23-year-old returned to the us in June 2014 with a plot to attack
the so-called new shepard spaceship is designed to fly three. people and/or a mix of passengers and payloads to altitudes. about 62 miles (100 km) above earth. it will launch from blue. origin's west Texas facility near van horn, texas, southeast of. El Paso.
teacher at longview elementary school in phoenix, arizona, Kenne worthen, 27,'started flirting with the girl last august and the relationship turned sexual in January' he allegedly kept in contact with her outside school by messaging her on an iPod app, google hangouts, where she labeled his profile with a fake name, 'jesse smith' some of the conversations were sexual in nature, according to police, while in another, the teacher told the girl he was worried she would
new report from suncorp bank suggests australian's have spent 50 per cent more on digital devices than they planned in the last year. men spent twice as much as women on computers, digital accessories, mobile apps, and streaming services. families with children living at home are spending 50 per cent more to stay digitally connected to the world than singles, couples without children and empty nesters. mobile phone bills were the biggest expense, and also the biggest spending disparity for families.
a large protest opposing the closure of remote indigenous communities in western australia has shut down streets in central Melbourne. 'enough is enough - where is the justice for Aboriginal people?' a speaker shouted to the crowd before the walk through CBD streets, flanked by police. this comes as the Queensland police service refuses to issue an apology to an Indigenous officer after claims the word 'Abor' was written on his station roster by a senior sergeant.
more than 5,000 teenagers quizzed on their drinking habits. those who watched most alcohol scenes 20 per cent more likely to have tried alcohol and 70 per cent more likely to binge drink. between 1989 and 2008 almost three quarters of popular uk box office films depicted alcohol use.
Vijay Chokal-Ingam claims he posed as a black man to get into medical school in the late 1990s. 'i got into medical school because I said I was black. the funny thing is I'm not,' he wrote on his blog. his sister did not support him during his social experiment and specifically asked him not to do it. he doesn't specify if he went through the same application process as an indian-american man as he did as a
'it's been a hard period,' Obama said in a weekend interview with the new york times columnist. he added that it is 'personally difficult' for him to hear his administration accused of not looking out for Israel's interests. comments come days after the u.s. and other world powers reached a tentative agreement to curb Iran's nuclear program in exchange for sanctions relief.
Lindsay Jo Rimer was 13 when she went missing from shebden bridge. her body was found in a canal five months later, weighed down with a rock. her sister, Kate, has spoken out for the first time about family's agony. she said: 'from the beginning we have been filled with grief and we cannot stop the grief and instead remember her with love until this comes to an end'
photos were released by RSPCA south australia which detailed how the cats at the property were in poor physical condition. the owner pleaded guilty to a charge of failing to provide appropriate and adequate living conditions for his cats. the cats suffered from high-temperatures, flea-allergy dermatitis and significant respiratory issues.
striking photographs show a shoal of fish making way for the blacktip shark swimming in shallow waters of heron island in australia. it is thought that the reef shark was not interested in catching a meal, but the fish naturally keep their distance, creating circles of clear water around the predator. fish are thought to gain many benefits from shoaling behaviour, such as keeping safe from predators as well as finding a mate.
Samantha Fleming and her newborn daughter serenity were last seen in Anderson on April 5, when they left with a woman who said she was from child services. the three-week-old infant was discovered unharmed at a home in Gary on Friday and will be returned to relatives. police found a body doused with bleach, wrapped in plastic and stuffed in a plastic storage bin.
Jason warnock, 29, has been named as the hero who rescued 23-year-old mathew sitko from his car as it dangled over a cliff in Lewiston, Idaho. but after saving the man, warnock said he could not stay and rushed away from the scene. a photo of the moment he pulled the panicked man from the wrecked car was shared online as authorities tried to identify him.
tabby cat was last seen running off in the direction of a caravan park. the 18-year-old tabby was found on a doorstep in west Yorkshire five weeks later. he has now been reunited with owners Steven and Susan Davison.
labour leader was out campaigning in Bristol this morning – his first public appearance since saturday. political rivals wasted no opportunity to drum up support with just a month to go before polling day. while Mr Miliband decided to take the weekend off to spend time with his family – his political rivals wasted no opportunity.
'i created these two female embryos with the purpose of taking them to term and not destruction, because I have always dreamed of being a father,' he said. the 39-year-old filed a lawsuit last august over the two embryos. on monday he implied that he wants to use them to have children of his own - either with the involvement of his ex or without her.
Pennsylvania scientists have found evidence that we may not be alone. they found 50 galaxies emitting unusually high levels of radiation. this could be because aliens are harnessing the power of stars. however, further research is needed to confirm that is the case.
broadcaster has vowed to do less after presenting everything from the BBC's rugby league coverage to crufts. the 44-year-old said that it was 'exhausting' to be constantly asked about being gay.
system uses arachnid-like robots to construct large objects in orbit. robots can then piece together the materials while in orbit. could cut construction costs by only launching raw materials into orbit.
the $2million 12,000 sq ft mansion promises a 'perfect private location' on seven secluded acres in Tampa, florida. an august 2014 adult-themed party dubbed 'Midsummer Night wet dream' got the mansion, bought by Canadian millionaire Gordon lownds, its first noise complaint. the mansion also became where grey and Nicholas worlds, a former adult-themed business investor, ran a modeling agency dubbed 'pharaoh'
Chelsea Clinton is opening up about motherhood, life in the public eye and whether or not the united states needs a female leader. in a new interview with Elle magazine she said it is time the united states had a female leader. in between the interview she was able to take a few editorial shots in all black outfits.
Abase hussein blamed police for failing to stop daughter joining isis. he said he could think of 'nothing' to explain why she and friends joined. but he admitted going to two more rallies with his impressionable daughter.
Choc on Choc's limited edition political chocolates come in three flavours. each bar bears the face of either david cameron, nick clegg or ed miliband. chocolates are made using layers of chocolate on top of chocolate.
design duo Luke sales and Anna plunkett presented their new collection 'Cooee Couture' at the art gallery of new south Wales. the collection is filled with design duo's trademark eccentricity, created in collaboration with esteemed artist Linda Jackson.
alfie the Yorkshire terrier was dumped by thieves 120 miles from his home. he dashed into a deserted country lane just as an RSPCA van drove by. when inspector Stephanie law pulled over, he bounded in and licked her face.
judge said that 20-year-old Kevin Jonas Rojano-Nieto 'did not intend to harm' the three-year-old girl he raped at his family home in June. judge said that although Rojano-Nieto sodomized the girl and covered her mouth so she couldn't scream out, 'there was no violence or callous disregard for the victim's well-being'
first 100 customers at each of the five stores will get the doll for $3.00. the dolls are newly produced but modelled on the original 1959 doll. the original doll was first released at the new york toy fair in 1959.
queen letizia, king Felipe and daughters princess Sofia and princess Leonor arrived at Palma cathedral on the island's capital. the royal family are on the island for the family's annual holiday at the marivent palace royal holiday residence. it is the first time the daughters have been spotted at a public engagement for several months.
Ukip leader made remarks after being asked at manifesto launch last week. asked to justify scarcity of black and Asian faces in party's manifesto. suggested only black face in document appeared on page about overseas aid.
the 69-year-old collaborated with NBC's today show to launch a contest for one Elvis-obsessed couple to win the 'ultimate wedding' the winning duo will tie the knot at Elvis's Graceland Wedding Chapel inside the westgate hotel on Thursday, April 23. along with the singer's former wife in the audience, the winning couple will win a free wedding reception and hotel suite for two nights.
the number of people in work soared to its highest level in history. employment rose above 31million in the three months to february. 'there are now two million more people in work than in 2010,' pm said.
Kim, husband Kanye and daughter north are on an eight-day visit. the visit is their first to the country their late father, Robert Kardashian, fled for. the celebrity visitors are staying at the Armenia Marriott hotel Yerevan.
Margaret and Gary Mazan from Bradford, west yorkshire, jailed for 26 weeks. their 14 red setters were found in filthy cages in a garden shed. animals had matted fur, were dehydrated and had no suitable diet. couple caused unnecessary suffering to some of the dogs, court hears.
the european union will accuse google of illegally abusing its supremacy. it will say that google has used its dominance as a search engine to divert internet users from rivals to its own services. google currently boasts a 90 per cent share in european's search engine market.
senator says congressional oversight 'doesn't mean there won't be a deal' 62-year-old politician said: 'we just set in place a process to ensure that if there's a deal, it's a deal that will stand the test of time'
80 per cent of our information about the outside world comes through our eyes. our eyes are capable of responding to one and a half million simultaneous messages. on average we scan a face for three seconds, scan for four and a half.
new training will commence at los angeles international airport. ACLU complaint was filed on behalf of malaika singleton, who said she was subjected to a hair pat-down with weeks of each other. according to ACLU, TSA agents grabbed singleton's hair, which was styled in tightly-wound'sisterlocks' and proceeded to'squeeze it from top to bottom'.
Jordan Sharifi, 17, was taken into custody on Friday by police in McKinney, texas, who say he confessed to giving a gun and ammunition to friend Raymond howell, Jr. on Thursday. Sharifi discovered Raymond's body in a rain culvert after the boy's mother called to ask him if he'd seen her son. but when Raymond failed to respond, he turned him over and saw blood on his face and found no pulse. Sharif
thieves targeted supermarkets, convenience stores and electrical shops. threatened staff with hammers, knives and screwdrivers in two-month spree. gang have now been jailed for more than 27 years after pleading guilty to conspiracy to rob.
a lawyer for Rebecca Hannibal, 19, appeared in front of downing centre local court on wednesday. she had pleaded not guilty to single supply charge at previous hearing. police allege Ms Hannibal supplied a number of 'purple speaker' pills. they were purchased from Matthew forti, 19, who has been charged with supplying a prohibited drug between October 27 and November 8 last year.
Natasha elderfield, 41, is accused of murdering boyfriend Robert dobinson, 33. court heard how she flew into a rage when he interrupted her attempts to have sex with another man. she told police officers who arrested her:'my god, it's so ******g funny'
a Brazilian commuter was deeply offended by a scene he witnessed. he took a photo, and expressed his disapproval on facebook. the image was shared more than 100,000 times in 24 hours.
the number of Christians in the us will decline from three quarters of the population in 2010 to just two thirds in 2050. percentage of atheists across the globe is expected to fall across the same time frame while Muslims will outnumber Christians by 2070. at the same time, those who consider themselves'religiously unaffiliated' will make up a 'declining share of the world's population'
V.stiviano, the alleged mistress of clippers owner Donald Sterling, has been ordered to pay his wife $2.6million. lawyers for sterling had claimed that money used to buy a house, luxury cars and stocks was her community property. 'everything that i have, you've given me from your heart without me begging or asking or throwing myself all over you,' she said.
the vaccine is made from pieces of a protein called TARP. TARP is found in about 95 per cent of prostate cancers. it is being given to men who have already been treated for the cancer. vaccine will prime the immune system so that it creates antibodies when it detects TARP-related cancers. should the cancer reappear, the antibodies will be dispatched to attack the malignant cells.
five-year-old girl believes her siblings were eaten by crocodiles in the water. her siblings - one-year-old brother Bol and four-year-old twins madit and anger - died after their mother akon guode crashed her 4WD into a lake. the children's father, Joseph manyang, says five-year-old awel manyang remains in a serious condition at the royal children's hospital but she remembers the accident.
British physicist Stephen Hawking has sung monty Python's galaxy song. the song is being released digitally and on vinyl for record store day 2015. it is a cover of the song from 1983 film monty Python's meaning of life. professor Hawking, 73, appeared on film alongside professor Brian cox. in the video, he is seen whizzing through space in his wheelchair. footage is interspersed with clips of monty Python's recent live shows
Jenny wallenda, 87, the matriarch of the famous family of high-flying circus performers, died late Saturday at her home in Sarasota, florida. she was the oldest daughter of high wire walker Karl wallenda and grandmother of daredevil performer Nik wallenda. she was inducted into the circus ring of fame in 2008.
Lee garlington says he was an extra on a movie set when he first decided to check out rock hudson, having heard rumors the star was gay. but he had to wait an entire year until he heard from the star. the two would sneak over to the actor's house after work, and leave first thing in the morning. they dated for three years, from 1962 until 1965. Hudson was concerned when a female fan broke into his home as he had photos of gar
Marie hunt of spring green, wisconsin, dropped out of school after completing eighth grade when she couldn't get to her local high school. instead she stayed at home and helped to take care of her eight younger siblings. her hospice nurse contacted river valley high school to see if they could make her dreams come true.
Matthew bird quit his well-paid job as an agricultural adviser to become a mechanic. he said he was happy to give up $70,000 a year pay check for a meagre wage of $38,000 a year, if it meant his child support payment dropped to $554 a month. inland revenue recently amended their child support formula.
senior constable Neale Mcshane is set to retire from his decade long post in the harsh region of birdsville in far south-west Queensland. the 59-year-old has spent 40 years as an officer in three different states. temperatures in the region can reach over 50 degrees, giving rise to a number of desert rescues that Mcshane must execute every year. Mcshane believes the unpredictable conditions of the job means his successor will need to be a fast learner.
the actress is selling the penthouse she once shared with ex-husband Bruce willis with an asking price of $75million. if it sells for that much, it will break the record for the most expensive co-op apartment ever sold on the upper west side in history. the 14-bedroom apartment includes a 7,000 square feet of living space and wrap around terraces with views of both central park and the hudson river.
posters were stuck on lampposts and bus stops across the suburb. they read: 'Islam is the only real workable solution for the UK' bosses at Cardiff council have begun removing the 'chilling' posters.
death rates in the uk, which have been falling for 40 years, will start to go up and increase by 20 per cent over the next two decades, a report by a think tank has found. it predicted that numbers of deaths will start to go up and increase by 20 per cent over the next two decades. at the same time the price of a funeral is rising fast, thanks to higher costs for cremation and rising undertakers’ bills.
lake teller in Boulder, Colorado, has been invaded by 3,000 to 4,000 goldfish. wildlife officials say they started as someone dumping 'four or five' of their pets in the water two or three years ago. the animals have now multiplied to over 3,000 or 4,000, it's believed. they are threatening to over-run the natural species in the lake, by eating up all their resources and spreading unnatural diseases.
Nicole Mihai, 34, was told by immigration agency she must return to Romania once her Visa expires. she separated from her partner after a two-year relationship. her son, Chris, is not able to reside further than 50 kilometres from his new zealand father. the family court have ruled that her son is not able to reside further than 50 kilometres from his father.
items on sale at poundland are sometimes up to 50 per cent more expensive than those sold in supermarkets, new research has found. the research points out that at poundland shoppers can buy a 250g box of Kellogs cornflakes for £1, while at Tesco they can buy a 750g box for the same price. however, there are still many products cheaper at Poundland compared to other supermarkets.
the 41-year-old is accused of posting a 'blasphemous' status on his facebook page. he told police he received the image over whatsapp while at home. but allegedly then admitted to police that he was the one who posted the status. he could face seven years in jail and a fine of up to one million dirham.
watch goes on sale officially on April 24, online and. through appointments in shops, including trendy fashion. boutiques in paris, london and berlin. available for preorder online and to try out. in stores by appointment, but not to take home.
council bosses put on taxpayer-funded dinner to'maintain morale' staff feasted on roast turkey and potatoes cooked in duck fat. council chiefs paid £5,225 for caterers and £265 for venue hire. a further £950 was spent on a photo booth, disco and security.
Feidin Santana, 23, visited the family's Charleston, south carolina home on Thursday to meet with the man's heartbroken parents, son and other relatives. Santana has been hailed a hero for keeping his cellphone camera trained on officer michael slager as he fired eight shots at Scott, 50, in north Charleston on saturday. 'Oh, thank you God!' said the mother of Walter Scott, as she hugged Santana tightly
@BritishMonarchy has more followers than the prince of wales' @clearencehouse. spanish royal couple, king Felipe and queen letizia, come next. the duchess of york is the next most followed royal with 82,400 followers.
the queen was today joined by the Duke of Edinburgh at a reception for the Calgary Highlanders, royal Hamilton light infantry and Canadian Scottish regiment. the monarch posed for a photograph with The Calgary Highlanders - who were all dressed in kilts. prince Philip sat for a portrait with the royal Hamilton light infantry. descendants of those who fought in battle and current service personnel also attended the event at canada house.
strictly come dancing winner joins victoria's secret angels and model. mother-of-four says she's 'honoured' to be a part of the campaign. fashion campaign raises £13.5m for breast cancer research.
the funeral for tragic teacher Stephanie Scott will be held next Wednesday. reverend Jonno Williams is the parish priest of the anglican-uniting church at canowindra. he knows the family well and is bracing himself for a tough day. 'it’s going to be a very difficult time for everyone, especially for the young people in town who knew her well,' he said.
the star wars director has unveiled plans for a $200m housing complex. it would be built on the 1,039-acre plot of land on his Grady ranch estate. it would provide homes for 224 low-income families and pensioners. but neighbors are determined to keep the plot of land untouched.
cocktail of hormone drug tamoxifen and two cups of coffee a day found to reduce risk of tumours returning by 50%. tamoxifen kills off cancer cells or stunts growth by blocking the cancer-causing hormone oestrogen from reaching diseased cells. when combined with two cups of coffee, it can be even more effective.
Kendra moad of Kearns, Utah followed her grandfather out of the house as he moved his truck in the driveway. he did not see the 20-month-old toddler in front of his truck and ran her over. she suffered severe head trauma and was unconscious when medical workers arrived, and was pronounced dead shortly after. this is now the fourth time since august that a child has been accidentally run over and killed in their own driveway by a family member in Utah.
driver shaun worthington, 29, died instantly in horror crash in east yorkshire. his car was filmed on a truck's dashcam veering into the path of oncoming traffic at 1.04pm - the same time the fatal text was sent. his mother said: 'no mother should go through the devastation of losing a son'
ten-year-old golden retriever Martha was swept out to sea by strong current. her owner launched their own rescue attempt but were unable to save her. RNLI crew were called and managed to find her cold and shivering. they then pulled the dog on to the lifeboat after managing to grab her collar.
solar probe plus will carry four instrument suites into the corona. it will study the solar wind and energetic particles as they blast off the surface of the star. over 24 orbits, the mission will use seven flybys of Venus to reduce its distance from the sun.
the game was created by canada-based network365 and is available for free on facebook, android, iOS and on desktop browsers. on each board, one of the squares is a slightly different shade of the same colour and the aim is to find this odd square. players get a point for every correct square identified, but if they click or tap the wrong square they lose a point.
listeners say vital last minutes of shows have been left off iPlayer versions. branded the problem ‘irritating’, ‘annoying’ and ‘frustrating’. the BBC blames the problem on the system it uses to record programmes.
an estimated 1,000 dance halls sprung up around texas in the 1800s, knitting together German, Czech, Polish and other immigrant communities. only two traditional texas dance halls continue to operate on nearly a daily basis: luckenbach hall in Fredericksburg and Gruene hall in new Braunfels.
the church paid a father-son team of detectives $10,000 a week to track Ron miscavige's every move, according to police records. the claims come just weeks after the premiere of the explosive HBO documentary going clear. former members of the church accused the church of systemic harassment, abuse and blackmail.
belinda, 56, from Essex, travelled to turkey to have a facelift for £7,900. surgeon bungled operation and left her with 'horrendous' scars. scars are stretched and dragging down her earlobes, plastic surgeon says. she is to appear on tonight's episode of tlc's extreme beauty disasters.
elderflower field's is a family-friendly festival held in pippingford park, sussex. it was created in 2012 by a small team of friends to provide the perfect environment for kids and grown-ups to fully escape for a weekend. the diverse range of artists already confirmed for Elderflower Fields 2015 includes Danny and the Champions of the world, patch and the giant, and the Kings parade.
'untested and unscientific' apps make us worry we are abnormal or unhealthy. popular apps include myfitnesspal and apple's health app, automatically installed on the latest apple smartphones.
Khayree gay, 31, was captured last friday at the security inn and suites hotel in lake city, south Carolina. he is facing federal charges for allegedly kidnapping a 53-year-old female employee at the jewelry store on April 4 in Philadelphia. the woman was driven to the building's roof, beaten and shot with a Taser seven times. she handed over her ATM card, which the suspects used to fill the van with gas, and was taken to a cemetery
Sarah reign, 26, from new york, works as a security guard at a factory. she gorges on junk food in various states of undress to titillate men. men pay her around $1,500 (£1,000) a month to watch her eat.
the 43-year-old is first presenter of the dance contest to be nominated. both sir Bruce and co-host Tess daly have failed to achieve nominations. miss winkleman was absent for almost a month while daughter recovered.
Rachel lehnardt, 35, allegedly threw a party for her daughter, 16, last week. she 'played naked Twister with her friends and then had sex with an 18-year-old' she later went to bed alone and awoke to find someone having sex with her. she has been charged with two counts of contributing to the delinquency of a minor.
the story tells the story of a 12-year-old girl, Alice Laselles. she was sent away to boarding school after her mother died and her father remarried. the tale will be published in June as 'The Adventures of Alice Laselles'
belinda bartholomew claims she was racially abused at a bondi butcher. she was buying a chicken to cook up for a game of thrones-inspired feast. the girlfriend of Roosters star aidan guerra was told to go to 'an aussie butcher' the butcher has hit back saying she is 'lying' and trying to ruin the business.
Dave Sim, 36, has put in months of training aboard his bright yellow Chopper. he hopes his stunt will inspire people to get out and ride themselves. the tour is considered the most gruelling race in professional cycling. it involves many hill climbs which are grueling even for professionals.
Britt Lapthorne, from Melbourne, disappeared in the Croatian coastal, tourist town of dubrovnik in 2008. her body was found in nearby boninovo bay, where it was found almost three weeks after she disappeared on September 18. her family believe she was murdered, her body weighted down and dumped at sea.
once heard constantly on the streets, in songs, on the stage and in the workplace it has nearly disappeared. the rise of the mobile phone and music on the ipod means young people are less likely to whistle now. cultural historian at Syracuse university, London, said whistling has all but disappeared over the last few decades.
the blunder at the pensions office in Essen saw a letter sent out the woman asking for £3,351,978,728,190,661. the bill is more than a thousands times than the whole of germany's annual gross domestic product. the £3.35 billion is also enough to pay the uk government debt nearly 2,000 times over.
the 68-year-old underwent quadruple coronary bypass surgery. he was admitted to the hospital earlier in the week with cardiovascular disease. the successful surgery cleared a major blockage from his heart.
64 per cent of adults confessed that they spend more when shopping with friends. the main reasons were'showing off in front of friends' and 'buying things we wouldn't ordinary buy' nearly two-thirds of americans admit they would rather shop by themselves.
Colleen Harris, 73, was found guilty of first-degree murder on wednesday. she shot dead her third husband, Robert Edward 'Bob' Harris, while he was sleeping in their placerville, california home in 2013. in 1985, she shot dead her second husband and the father of her three children, 46-year-old james batten. after pulling the trigger, she claimed she had temporary amnesia and could not remember doing it.
scientists say the lethal ring is leaving tens of thousands of creatures with severe, and often fatal injuries. the map uses data from the California Roadkill Observation system, a volunteer-submitted database of instances where wildlife and vehicles collided over the past five years. major hotspots include the Sacramento area where I-80 and I-5 run across bypasses along the Pacific flyway. marshy areas attract birds during migration resulting in high rates of roadkill.
second-hand car dealer Neil Tuckett only sells Henry Ford's famous model. despite his newest models being nearly 90 years old, he is selling one every week. he says his customers love the model because they don't need road tax or an MOT. they are also cheaper to maintain than a modern car, with each one selling for around $10,000.
Dr Ros altmann will be appointed as minister for consumer protection. she will take responsibility for protecting people from rip-off charges. she will also be in charge of financial education and government policy.
Catherine grove, 28, vanished from her home in fayetteville, Arkansas, in July 2013 and returned to the church of wells in wells, texas, six days later. her parents believe she was brainwashed by the so-called cult. they say she was'seeking the Lord' and was not being held against her will. the church has been accused of sexual abuse, kidnapping and human trafficking over the years, however they have strongly denied any wrong
baroness Brady appeared with the pm at a training centre in newark, n ireland. she helped the prime minister with his jacket before sitting politely with it. ms Brady is also the government’s small business ambassador.
Conchita Wurst has been transformed into Gustav Klimt's golden adele for the life ball 2015 poster shot by Ellen von unwerth. the poster promotes the dazzling life ball event, where conchita will perform, as well as walk in a fashion show staged by Jean paul gaultier. the gold dress, which is embroidered with over 12,000 Swarovski crystals and 0.5kg of pearls, took over 1,000 hours to handcraft.
yervand garginian filmed himself cooking chicken on an open charcoal barbecue using a traditional 'khorovats' recipe at a recent family gathering. his daughter Elizabeth posted the video to reddit and it has since been viewed more than five million times after it was shared across facebook, YouTube and Instagram. the 60-year-old bus driver moved to australia from Armenia in 1977.
furious Tracey Taylor caused £13,000 worth of damage to the luxury cars. she barged her way into her former lover's home in Ratby, leics. two days later she returned to the property and broke in through the front door. she threw a vase of roses across the room and ripped a flatscreen tv off the wall.
former joint chiefs chairman knew that army sgt. bowe bergdahl deserted his post in 2009, claim three of the soldier's comrades. the claims mean that Mullen was in a position to tell the president his soldier had fled the army five years before national security adviser susan rice told the world that Bergdahl served honorably. it also casts a huge shadow over the deal to swap five Taliban commanders for Bergdahl that culminated in
the father-of-four was gunned down by officer michael slager on saturday morning in Charleston, south carolina. pop star and member of Destiny's child, Michelle Williams, wrote: 'Once again... #WalterScott' and added a broken heart. singer Janelle monáe said: 'this brought tears to my eyes. #WalterScott reminds me of my uncle, family. can only imagine the pain his fam feels
sophomore Tiffany gay thought she was being led outside for a routine fire drill but instead she found her biggest crush, junior Luis Velasquez, holding a bouquet of flowers. gay is a special needs student who struggles with a genetic disorder called prws that causes sufferers to have an insatiable appetite.
Cheryl and Robert Prudham to renew wedding vows at chapel of love in las vegas. couple will stay at circus circus hotel and take chauffeur-driven limousine. they have also booked to see shows and go on helicopter tour across nevada. couple hit headlines last year after demanding bigger council house.
Mark Ward Faville, of Christiansburg, virginia, was found guilty of voluntary manslaughter in the death of his wife Anne. after the verdict was read, he was taken away, and it was then he took his own life in the courthouse, though it is not known how he did this and police are investigating. his wife died in 2000 after being suffocated in a homicidal manner.
massive brawl broke out at resort world casino in queens, new york. two women allegedly got into an argument during a long wait for drinks. four security guards and a police officer were injured in the brawl.
Jodi 'jodi' arias was sentenced to life in prison on monday for murdering her ex-boyfriend in 2008. prosecutors say she killed him in a jealous rage because he wanted to break off their relationship. she shot and stabbed him nearly 30 times in his suburban phoenix home before fleeing and driving to Utah to meet up with another romantic interest. in her first mugshot, taken in 2008, she smiled on purpose because she knew the
government planning to expand the Qinghai to Tibet railway by 2020. it could include a tunnel under the world's tallest mountain. move is important politically as it shows Beijing building links with Nepal.
acetaminophen (paracetamol) is the main ingredient in the over-the-counter pain reliever Tylenol and paracetamol. this is the first time that this side effect has been discovered. previous research had shown that acetaminophen works not only on physical pain, but also on psychological pain.
when Henry and Donna Lou Rayhons married seven years ago in their northern Iowa hometown, it was a second chance at love. but their domestic routine of church activities and political functions unraveled as Donna's health began to fail. last year, the 78-year-old woman was moved into a nursing home, suffering from dementia and Alzheimers. conflict developed over how to care for Donna, culminating in a meeting in which staff told Henry Rayhons that his wife was no longer mentally capable of legally
one house was filmed as it was carried along a street in Dungog, in the Hunter valley, north of Sydney. another house was filmed in Toronto, near lake macquarie, west of Newcastle. three people have already died during the storms that continue to lash the central Hunter region.
inquiry began in 2009 and stopped taking evidence in 2011. it was initially thought it would be delayed until after the general election. but it has now been suggested it will not be published until 2016.
nine-year-old boy was whipped with a skipping rope by his adoptive mother. he was also beaten with metal rods and water pipes by the 50-year-old. the boy's adoptive mother was arrested on suspicion of child abuse.
IKEA's new service, Wedding Online, allows couples to get married online. couples can set a date and invite friends and family via facebook. guests are invited via webcam and their streams are pasted onto a body. couples can then choose from a range of wedding settings.
couple were originally fined £120 for the unauthorised absence from school. they were convicted in November 2014 of failing to ensure child regularly attended school. appealed unsuccessfully against fine and, after they did not pay, court bailiffs visited on march 6 demanding £1,230. grandmother paid up to stop bailiffs taking property to cover amount owed.
Mimi and Joe lemay's five-year-old son Jacob was born a girl named mia. but from a very early age, he began rejecting his gender. when his parents still dressed him as a girl, he would change clothes up to 12 times a day. after years of questioning how to handle his preferences, they decided to let him assume the identity of a boy.
apple founder's widow said she admires 'the type of woman she is' said it's not just because she's a woman - but 'what kind of woman she is' former first lady'represents new realities and possibilities', she said. but she was blasted for'staged' visit to coffee shop in leclaire, iowa.
Lloyd Dennis taught at a number of primary schools across hampshire. 32-year-old has been charged with 28 separate offences against two children. offences include rape and sexual activity with a child.
sherry Arnold, a popular math teacher from the small town of sidney, was on a morning jog on January 7 when she disappeared. she was pulled into a car by Spell and his friend, strangled to death, and then buried 50 miles away in north Dakota. Spell pleaded guilty in October to killing the popular teacher after attempting to abduct the popular teacher as she was jogging near her home in 2012. co-defendant lester van waters
Henri Morris, 67, was caught in an FBI sting after investigators were approached by one of his victims in 2012. she told them that her drink was spiked by the married businessman after they traveled together from Houston to new jersey for work. when she woke up she was naked and her boss was standing over her and taking pictures on his mobile phone.
enormous lump was 40 metres long and made up of fat and wet wipes. it caused the 1940s sewer in Chelsea to break, causing a £400,000 repair. so far the waste removed from the sewer is the equivalent weight of about five Porsche 911s, which weigh 1.9 tonnes each.
Brian Nicol, 32, drowned in a pool at a luxury villa in nueva andalucia. friends dragged him out of the water and tried to save him. police said evidence suggests his death was a tragic accident.
artist and journalist Alison nastasi has collated a collection of intimate portraits featuring well-known artists with their cats. the images see the artists in rarely-seen settings, with many of them reclining in their homes, or posing in a relaxed fashion with their pets. the book allows an intimate insight into the private lives of many great artists.
Vincent Stanford moved into a single-storey home with his mother and elder brother in Leeton, in the riverina region of new south wales, 13 months ago. the 24-year-old is charged with the murder of high school teacher Stephanie Scott. he was born in Tasmania and lived in Holland with his family before returning to australia as an adult. neighbours say the family were welcomed by the community but Stanford made few connections.
the two major parties will only be separated by 0.1 per cent, poll predicts. the poll puts the tories at 31.8 per cent of the vote, with labour at just one tenth of a percentage point behind, with 31.7 per cent. the liberal democrats are now expected to get 13.5%, slightly ahead of UKIP with 12.7%, and 'others', including the green party and independent candidates to get 10.3%.
Sq ldr Ian Joll was forced to crash land his plane on a Dutch beach. ten minutes earlier his mother received a telegram saying he was'missing believed killed' but he survived the incident and made it home to his parents in kent. his medals - including the Distinguished Flying cross - are now being auctioned.
lib dem leader's wife vetoed move to a grace-and-favour government mansion. she said: 'we had a lot of pressure at the time to go to one of the houses of the government' but the couple say staying in their family home has stopped them becoming cut off from the rest of the world.
Nurhayada Sofia was out shopping with her mother when she fell. the six-year-old disappeared through a gap and plunged five floors. she was killed on impact after suffering horrific head injuries.
imam, Abdul hadi arwani, 48, was shot dead on a street in north west london. he had been called to a job in the area where he was killed days before. sources close to the investigation said he visited the area with his son. he was an opponent of Syrian president bahsar al-Assad.
lorenzo Simon and girlfriend Michelle bird used friend for slave labour. 39-year-old's remains were stuffed into two suitcases and threw into canal. police have now released CCTV footage showing pair dragging cases.
university said recent changes to the exams system made it more difficult to decide which students to admit. documents presented to senior tutors say university is ‘being forced’ into changing its system of using AS-levels to assess applicants.
a doctor's wife and a student plunged from their flats into the basement. a workman was buried after a digger struck a load-bearing column. three people were hospitalised with minor injuries and a main road was closed. brothers Naveed and Rizwan Hussain jailed for 12 months each today. judge tells them: 'it was only by the grace of god or good fortune'
former dragons' den star said plan to scrap 'non-dom' status had won him over. millionaire businessman tweeted: 'this gets my vote i never thought any party would have courage to do this' comes after hotelier signed a letter from more than 100 business leaders backing the tories’ economic record.
the sister of murdered bride-to-be Stephanie Scott has released a poem she wrote for her sister and her intended brother-in-law on what would have been their wedding day. 26-year-old english and drama teacher was due to marry her long-time partner of five years Aaron Leeson woolley on Saturday. the poem was addressed to'my dearest Stephanie and Aaron on your wedding day. this is for you' it comes a day after the body of a woman was discovered in cocoparra national park on
a woman who may be a 'possible DUI driver' led the California Highway Patrol on a slow-speed chase through los angeles for almost an hour, officers said. the woman was 'weaving, accelerating and slowing down,' according to a tweet by the official CHP southern division twitter. the chase finally came to an end around 1:15pm when one patrol officer tapped the rear bumper of the woman's SUV and sent the car into a slow spin.
aunt, maret tsarnaeva, and two other relatives said this week that they believed he was wrongly convicted as part of a conspiracy by the u.s. the bomber's uncle, said-hussein tsarnaev, told the magazine that 'american special services' orchestrated the 2013 terrorist attack which left three dead and hundreds more wounded. the relatives have also attempted to get messages to Tsarnaev, urging him to fire his defense lawyers.
prince will accompany the queen and duke of edinburgh on an official engagement next Saturday – the same day his wife is due to give birth. the Duke of cambridge plans to do ‘everything he can’ to be at the official commemorations to mark the centenary of the gallipoli and anzac campaigns. a spokesman for the prince said: ‘the Duke’s intention is to be at the commemorations. being the 100th anniversary, it is very important to him’
fleas in picture canyon, arizona, have tested positive for the plague. prairie dog deaths at preserve alerted authorities to the possibility of outbreak. plague killed millions of europeans during the Black death in 1300s. it is still contracted by 2,000 people a year, according to the world health organisation.
teenager from lahore in Punjab province, who has been identified only as nuaman, had just left a local shop when he was beaten and burnt with Kerosene. he said he tired to escape but as he fled the two other boys poured Kerosene on him and set him on fire. nuaman said some members of his local community helped him put out his burning clothes by pouring more sand on top of him.
Candice Swanepoel, Elsa hosk and jasmine tookes star in new campaign. show off brand's new dream angels range of lingerie. range comes in blush pink and classic whites.
Kyle Knox, 23, was last seen alive at the foot of Ben Nevis on march 31. he was reported missing the following day when he failed to return to his hotel in fort william. when he vanished people were being urged not to go to Scotland's mountains unless they had the proper equipment and experience.
ceara Lynch, 28, from Portland, oregon, says her career began when she realized how much money she could make from selling her used underwear online. her first pair of underwear sold for $70. custom videos cost $1 per minute and subscribers pay a monthly fee of $39.99.
baby was found face down in a toilet bowl at an amusement arcade in southport. police believe her'mother gave birth in the lavatory' hours before she was discovered. baby has been named by staff at the ormskirk hospital where she is being treated. officers have traced the mother to an address in the Merseyside area.
travel site, wanderbat, ranked the top 22 airlines around the world. top three were followed closely by Emirates and china eastern. British Airways ranked eighth as the only uk airline to make the list.
the line - part of the royal Caribbean group - has two ships in its fleet, Journey and Quest, which each carry about 680 passengers. the smaller size of the vessels means the ships can access ports that are off-limits to the bigger vessels.
duffel bag containing human remains found on Loughery way in Cambridge. suspect, who will not be identified until arraignment on monday, taken into custody. they are 'under arrest for accessory after crime of assault and battery' comes as more remains have been found in common area of apartment building. victim's death is being treated as homicide, according to middlesex district attorney.
Donald Graham, 62, killed heiress and property developer Janet brown, 45. he killed her so he could fund taste in supercars and buy his second mistress a home. ms brown vanished in 2005 and her body has never been found. he was last year jailed for life with a minimum of 32 years for her murder. but he has now been ordered to pay back just £1 of his ill-gotten gains.
some 3.7 million of the short-fused gun owners also confessed to carrying their weapons outside of the home. majority of angry gun owners were young or middle aged men. they were more likely to live in suburban areas and be married.
morsi acquitted of charges that would have seen him face death penalty. 14 others convicted on same charges, with most also sentenced to 20 years. court cleared defendants on charges of inciting murder over deaths.
former police inspector said his son had 'his life threatened by a well-known associate of criminals' two years ago. the threat led the swimmer to immediately hop on a plane to his parent's home in the gold coast. the 34-year-old made a comeback last Sunday when he earned a 2015 world titles relay team berth by cruising to fourth place.
donor carries a defective gene known as neurofibromatosis 1. condition can pass on a severe, life-limiting condition to his offspring. ten of his offspring have already been diagnosed with NF1. a child born from a parent with the defective gene has a 50% chance of developing the disease.
family forced to sit in seats surrounded by vomit on united airlines flight. after putting their luggage on the floor, they discovered it was wet with vomit. cabin crew told them an earlier passenger had been sick in the area. but they were told no one had cleaned the area before take-off.
Kevin Gill, 45, from Naples, florida, found the eight-inch gator being attacked by a bird and gave it to his 13-year-old son to nurse back to health. but when deputies served a search warrant on the family's home for an unrelated issue, they came across the baby gator - and told Gill it was illegal. it is a felony in florida to keep an alligator without a license, regardless of its size.
New york's library hotel was designed around the dewey decimal system. each floor is dedicated to one of the system's 10 major categories. each room is decorated according to a genre or topic within the categories.
Jon Stewart will present his final show on august 6. joked that he would dress well and hoped viewers would join him. comes after he revealed he was becoming depressed watching cable news. will be replaced by comedian and the daily show correspondent, Trevor Noah.
central china stage of the annual miss bikini of the universe contest. competition held amid stunning backdrop in Luoyang, in the henan province. contestants paraded along narrow footpath 2,000 metres up the mountain.
former governor of arizona passed away in his sleep on friday morning. he was the embodiment of the american dream overcoming poverty and discrimination to graduate from college and launch a successful career in politics and diplomacy. during his career, Castro also served as an american ambassador to three countries including El Salvador, Bolivia and Argentina.
dr. Donald dewitt, 65, is a prominent human sexuality and biology teacher at the highly competitive Bergen county Academies in hackensack, new jersey. he has been charged with attempted sexual assault, child endangerment and criminal sexual contact. the victim's sister discovered dewitt's raunchy emails and told their mother, who then called police. when investigators came to interview the 16-year-old girl, she allegedly admitted to her relationship with the married teacher nearly
a dummy wearing a balaclava was spotted on a boat sailing down the river. a startled passer-by reported seeing a missile on top of a barge in reading. along with the missile was the head and shoulders of a convincing-looking man.
four people were found dead in a queens home on friday. the victims were identified as 83-year-old Jerry and 80-year-old marianne. neighbors say the couple were a happily married couple who loved to dance, garden, and observe their german heritage.
lion cub Kibulu arrived at Zambi Wildlife retreat as a three-week-old cub after his mother rejected him at the zoo where he was born. zoo keepers decided it wasn't safe for him to stay so they called director Donna Wilson from the centre in western Sydney. nine months later, and weighing close to 80 kilograms, Kibulu still shares Donna’s bed most nights. he still carries his teddy bear around with him and
rare archive photo, and several other portraits, have been discovered in a Hitler ‘fan magazine’ from the Thirties. Hitler seems ill at ease with his hands, squeezing them into tight lederhosen pockets in one photo.
'your child is 100 times more likely to be struck by lightning than to have a severe reaction to a vaccine,' she said in an interview for the may issue of good housekeeping. the mother of two daughters,. two, and delta, just four months, with actor dax sheppard,. shares how her views on vaccinations actually changed after the birth of her daughters, as well as her own self-acceptance of her changing body.
Lauren hill was diagnosed with a rare form of inoperable brain cancer. was told she would not live past her 18th birthday but died this month. 19-year-old made her first basket in a college game just five months ago. devoted her final year to playing basketball and raising money for cancer.
racegoer seen staggering towards elderly man before barging into him. the 63-year-old then stumbles backwards and falls to the floor in a road. the 34-year-old man walks off as people gasp and try to help the victim. he was later taken to hospital and treated for bruising on his face. man named on social media as a manager called 'terry'
Jade Walters, 21, loaned out her beloved horse to help a young girl learn to ride. she didn't realise the family she loaned him to had sold him at auction. the horse's fate has sparked fury in the equestrian community. an appeal for his whereabouts has been shared 58,000 times.
madonna performed a stand-up routine on the today show on thursday. however the 56-year-old's routine did not go down too well. the singer has been lambasted for her first-ever stand-up routine.
Holly littlefield, 16, was arrested and held in a police cell for 14 hours. she was too scared to return to school for two days and was taunted. teacher Zoe Gregory, 26, hijacked her email account to issue threat. another pupil, Vicky Francis, 15, was also arrested after police were told she had access to Holly’s email account.
robot sub was examining the depths of the gulf of mexico. when a giant sperm whale swam to inspect their sub - causing gasps and shouts of 'holy cow' from the crew.
Jonny Bucknell, 58, caught eating roast duck dinner in camden council chamber. he was told to put down his knife and fork by the mayor, lazzaro pietragnoli. rumpus comes a month after lib dem councillor was caught playing scrabble.
Craig will spend the next three years raising awareness for the U.N. Mine Action service and political and financial support for the cause. 'you have been given a license to kill (as james bond), I'm now giving you a license to save,' ban ki-moon told the actor at united nations headquarters in new york. last year, the united nations said it destroyed more than 400,000 land mines and explosive remnants of war.
chihuahua puppy discovered in play area of animal shelter in antioch, california. believed pet, named fireman by rescuers, was burned by chemicals. it is not known where fireman came from and previous foster carers not identified.
in real life, 007 would have perished several times in his most recent movie. incidents that ought to have been fatal include one before the opening credits rolled. if 007 had been a mere mortal, the film would have ended after seven minutes.
researchers sequenced the microbiomes of Yanomami people living in a remote amazon village in Venezuela who had not had previous contact with non-yanomami. found the highest diversity of bacteria and genetic functions ever reported in a human group. 'that tells us that western diets and lifestyles have a great impact on our microbiomes,' said co-author Rob knight.
former cornerback will allen and his business partner are facing civil fraud charges from federal regulators over allegations the pair ran a multi-million dollar Ponzi scheme. they're accused of reaping more than $31 million in a Ponzi scheme that promised high returns to investors from funding loans to cash-strapped pro athletes. the securities and exchange commission announced the charges Monday against William D. Allen, Susan daub and their capital financial partners investment firms.
David Cameron greeted voters in the street as he left his speech in Cheltenham. aides ordered that the eight-month-old puppy be kept well away from him. owner Sarah styler was taking Silver for his morning walk when she spotted TV crews gathered outside the church hall close to her house.
global sales of $14.97 billion. fell marginally from 2013. 'frozen' soundtrack was the year's top-selling album. 'happy' was the top single, selling 13.9 million copies.
graphic signs have been erected in the municipality of lastres. they tell pilgrims not to stop for a poo break on the famous path. residents have complained about pilgrims defecating outside their homes.
the 45-year-old has released his first home video on a new channel on youtube. the amusing but mind-numbing film lasts for ten minutes. it follows the presenter as he learns how to herd sheep in the lake district.
Bruno Fernández has been dubbed the 'Majadahonda ripper' after police searched his home and discovered blood stains and what is thought to have been a human tooth. 32-year-old has been arrested in connection with the disappearance of his former lodger, Adriana Giogiosa, 55. it comes as residents living near one of his former homes have described how he was involved in apparent satanic rituals.
supervoid is 1.8 billion light-years across and is 'roughly spherical'. it may contain a'significant substructure' at its centre, scientists say. if confirmed, the supervoid would be the largest single structure ever found by humanity. the Cold Spot was first discovered by astronomers in 2004.
nurses working 12-hour shifts are treated like'slave labour', union claims. one member of Unison highlighted how staff at a hospital in Staffordshire are expected to work six long days a week, totalling up to 78 hours a week. she said: 'the fact staff are so tired has a detrimental effect on patient care and (also) puts other staff at risk'
hiroshi ueda invented the selfie stick in the 1980s while working for minolta. he came up with the idea after struggling to get pictures of himself and his wife. the 'extender stick' was patented in 1983 but failed to become a success. now there is a supersized stick that can grasp a tablet as well as a phone.
former TOWIE star, 24, unveils sophisticated range. full of pretty pastels and feminine florals inspired by festival season. says her garments are designed for woman wanting to embrace catwalk trends.
lib dem leader launches countryside charter to protect rural areas. local authorities would have power to charge 200 per cent council tax. levy would be used in part to deter people from buying holiday homes. but money generated could be used to support schools, post officers and others.
49% of Scotlans plan to vote for the snp, with just 25% backing labour. labour leader says election campaign has descended into 'panic'. but poll shows 49% plan to vote for the snp, with just 25% backing labour. results have delighted first minister Nicola sturgeon.
Washington, DC-based company called united space structures wants to create a new space station. their giant cylinder could apparently replace the ISS. it would rotate four times per minute to create artificial gravity. it would be 1,300ft (400 metres) long, cost £200 billion ($300 billion) and take 30 years to build. the dome would house the command centre for the station, and also many of the supplies needed for the crew on board.
doctors sent the letter to the dean of Columbia's faculties of health sciences and medicine. they accused him of pushing'miracle' weight-loss supplements with no scientific proof that they work. the doctors wrote that Oz has'misled and endangered' the public.
Glenn Mason, 56, plundered the accounts of nine pensioners. they included an 83 year-old woman and a 92 year-old man. he got away with the thefts for almost a year before his arrest in 2012.
a member of the public snapped the man in a high-vis jacket urinating in the field in Benington, Lincolnshire. TH Clements & son, which owns the field, was alerted and sacked the worker with immediate effect. supermarket giant said its vegetables undergo an 'extensive assessment and review process' before they reach shelves.
binman filmed lifting bags out of wheelie bins before tossing them down alley. residents in oldham, manchester, thought it was one of their neighbours. council workers searched the contents of the bags before placing stickers warning residents they could face fines of up to £50,000.
scientists in california have described how to create artificial auroras on earth. they said a particle accelerator could be sent 185 miles (300km) up into space. it would then fire high-energy beams back at Earth's atmosphere. this could create auroras and even lightning in the atmosphere. the accelerator would be three times stronger than anything like it before.
prince Abdul malik wed bride dayangku Raabi'atul 'adawiyyah pengiran Haji Bolkiah in an opulent ceremony yesterday. the couple wore outfits embellished with diamonds, while Raabi'atul carried a bouquet made of dazzling gems, rather than flowers. over the last 20 years,wedding expenditure has become an eye-popping affair with celebrities and royals unafraid to spend millions.
Chancellor of the exchequer met the hoover at a campaign stop in Somerset. he was given a tour of the factory where the machines are built. onlookers could not help noticing the uncanny resemblance.
caseyveal's son Zayden was just 10 months old when he was bludgeoned to death by a drug-crazed burglar. 19-year-old Harley hicks bashed baby Zayden more than 30 times with a homemade baton during a senseless and unprovoked robbery. Hicks left the home with nothing more than a wallet and a pair of sunglasses before unleashing the vicious attack on the defenceless baby.
Ed and Justine met at a dinner party hosted by the woman he was'secretly' dating. she was Stephanie flanders, the glamorous then economics editor of newsnight. the pair have since had two children, married and believe they are less than a month away from moving house with their family to no 10 downing street.
crack cocaine users visit the open-air bazaars to buy rocks of the drug and smoke it in plain sight, day or night. some of whom once held jobs, had loving families and harbored dreams of a better existence - all lost to their addictions. one of those willing to open up and share her story was 17-year-old Ketellin Silva who posed for a portrait in the open-air crack cocaine market.
sheila secker, 78, collapsed in her home and could not call for help. her son had given her a pay-as-you-go phone, but it had been retired. he contacted the phone company, who said it was a 'glitch' most major phone operators'recycle' numbers after a certain time.
Stephen howells, 39, and his 25-year-old girlfriend Nicole. vaisey, from hermon, new york, were charged last summer with sexually exploiting. the girls, then aged seven and 12, were abducted from their family's farm roadside vegetable stand on august 13. they were shackled to a bed and sexually abused before they were released 24 hours later.
for u.s. moms, the typical time between pregnancies is about 212 years but nearly a third of women space their children too close, a government study shows. experts say mothers should wait at least 18 months to give their body time to recover and increase the chances the next child is full-term and healthy. the study released on Thursday by the centers for disease control and prevention found that about 30 percent of women who'd had a child became pregnant again within 18 months.
major general michael gambler-parry was captured by germany in 1941. the two men dined together in a gesture of camaraderie. during the meal, gambler-parry complained that a german soldier had taken his hat.
Raymond townsend was found liable for sexual harassment against his dispatcher Geralyn ganci, 32, after more than a year of lurid messages. he told her in a text that she lost her job because she'refused to have sex with the general manager' he also sent her texts saying that he 'had to pull over to the side of the road and masturbate thinking about me'.
83-year-old's mother, ora mae, died in 1943, when he was just 12. he was left thinking there were no surviving photographs of her. but his granddaughter, Andrea ferrell, 29, gave him an old photograph. it dates from the 1920s and shows his mother as a teenager.
representative darrell issa asked about use of personal email in 2012. but he didn't receive any answer until after she stepped down in 2013. leaked letter casts further shadow over democrat's 2016 presidential bid.
memo for members of congress says 'uk may not be centrally relevant' it also warns that the UK faces turmoil if there is a hung parliament. memo prepared by Congressional research service for lawmakers.
lawsuit claims orcas are being kept in 8ft deep holding pools. it alleges the resulting sunburns are so bad staff are forced to paint them with black zinc oxide to disguise the injuries. this is the second lawsuit against seaworld in less than one month.
Nicola sturgeon backed calls for all tax powers to be devolved to Holyrood. move would leave a £7.6billion black hole in the country's finances. labour leader Jim Murphy warned it would leave a 'catastrophic hole' miss sturgeon struggled in a tv election clash screened by the BBC. a day after she refused to rule out snap second referendum on independence.
sheriff said the former football star is generally affable and polite and would try to use those qualities to get what he wanted. Hernandez was convicted April 15 of the 2013 killing of Odin Lloyd, who was dating the sister of Hernandez's fiancee. he will ultimately end up at the maximum-security souza-baranowski state prison.
police say Nyia parler, 41, wheeled her son into a park near their home in south west Philadelphia and left him there. she then went to stay with her boyfriend in Maryland, according to police. on tuesday, she wrote on facebook: 'i'm so happy,' and 'how the hell you happy?!? call me!' she was admitted to a Maryland hospital on sunday in an 'undisclosed condition' and charged with assault and neglect.
Nicola sturgeon wrote to cabinet secretary Sir Jeremy Heywood to demand probe. a civil servant leaked an account of a private meeting between her and ambassador. it said that she said she would prefer david cameron to remain in number 10. she also suggested that ed miliband was not 'prime minister material'
the fashion designer, who turned 39 on Tuesday, shared an Instagram image of a large bouquet of flowers he had bought for her. 'thank you for my beautiful flowers!!! #wonderfulhusband #birthday,' she wrote. it comes four days after her Hollywood producer husband learned he will not face criminal charges for allegedly groping an italian model. italian model ambra battilana, 22, told police the 63-year-old touched her breasts and put his hand up her skirt
the 72-year-old's long-term employer, the BBC, is reeling from a string of allegations levelled against former staff. several media personalities were investigated and arrested following the launch of operation yewtree. the probe exposed abuse by paedophile DJ Savile, who sexually assaulted staff and patients aged between 5 and 75.
father-of-two said he felt lucky to be alive after flames shot out of manhole. he had been on his way to his local takeaway when he heard buzzing. as he turned around he noticed the charred ground and blackened cover. as he watched on in shock, thick black smoke began billowing from the manhole. despite his shock, the 36-year-old was able to grab his phone in time. miraculously nobody was hurt in the incident
'the pain and suffering took some of her dignity away when she became so ill that she was not able to work,' said Amber Phillips of her mother who died in the summer of 2012. 'had she had the choice to end her own life she might have been able to reclaim some of her autonomy and dignity,' said Phillips.
doctors say boy's chances of long-term survival could have been halved. consultant Peter Wilson said chemotherapy was essential to reduce chances of the five-year-old's cancer returning. the family took him abroad last year for proton beam therapy. last month scans showed 'no evidence' of the tumour.
Amie cox, 33, of victoria, made the admission while appearing on an SBS insight programme about sibling rivalry. she said she prefers the smell of her younger son, 5, over her older son, 7, and sniffs him 'all the time' since her revelations, she says she has been attacked and called 'a freak' but that she is a 'normal loving Mum' who treats her boys equally.
dictator'scaled the 9,000ft high mount paektu near the border with china' pictures released by state media show the 32-year-old smiling on the top. he 'greeted pilots at the summit, telling them the climb was like 'nuclear weapons'
almost 30 million health records in the us were involved in criminal theft, malicious hacking or other data breaches over four years. most involved electronic data and theft, including stolen laptops and computer thumb drives. hackings doubled during the study, from almost 5 percent of incidents in 2010 to almost 9 percent in 2013.
leslie cooper, 36, has been charged with the murder of Abdul hadi arwani. he appeared before magistrates in camberwell today for a brief hearing. a second man, 61, has been arrested on suspicion of conspiracy to murder.
nadir came when the Chancellor was booed at the paralympic games. he has gone from being booed in front of his two children to being credited with helping to turn the country's economy around. 'the most difficult thing was explaining it to my children – it’s not an easy conversation to have,' he says.
queen's hospital in Burton, Staffordshire, ran out of space in mortuary. hospital bosses admitted they didn't tell relatives about the arrangement. a spokesman said the use of a lorry is normal practice across the country.
married couple claim neighbour Paul Phillips, 67, 'constantly harassed' them. they moved a gate at the back of their £210,000 house in poole, dorset. he accused the coplestons of putting the garden gate up on communal land. when couple challenged him they say embarked on a campaign of misery. covert footage caught him fiddling with the gate's lock, waving and smiling at the camera.
video shows the booster lowering itself onto the platform, before a gust of wind sways it to one side. the 14-storey booster manages to hit the barge, but its high speed and tilt causes it to explode on impact. the maneuver was attempted following the launch of the Falcon 9 rocket a few minutes earlier from cape canaveral in florida.
Harley Jo Skorpenske, a student at ohio state university, suffers from lupus, an inflammatory disease which affects the immune system. a stranger left a note on her car claiming she had no right to park in a disabled space – despite the fact that she had a handicap permit. the note read: 'you should be ashamed! when you take a handicap spot, an actual disabled person suffers. you were not raised as you should have been'
bishops in the u.s. have slammed the acclaimed bbc drama as a 'prejudice-laden presentation of the past' a review for Catholic news service in the u.s. said the show encourages the audience to 'root for the self-made commoner' Thomas Cromwell. he was a'monster' who engineered a reign of terror and murdered anyone who stood in his way, the review said.
Wayne heneker recalled the day he was ambushed at a tavern in queensland. he was dropping off thousands of dollars at a local tavern when he noticed a man approaching him wearing a motorcycle helmet. the man pulled out a pistol and pointed it straight at the security guard. seconds later, he realised the man was his former colleague, Shameem Rahman.
young couple were abused by a middle-aged woman on a train in sydney. 'hardworking, honest and kind' parents of a newborn baby boy. couple regularly attend the local mosque and are raising a son in australia. mosque has offered the couple an all-expenses-paid trip to the gold coast. 'i generally believe that you and many other australian do respect all religions,' said mosque spokesman.
Stevie McCrorie beat fellow contestant Lucy O'Byrne in the final. mentor Ricky Wilson is confident he can break the winners' curse. previous winners have failed to do anything but flop out of the charts. leanne Mitchell, the first ever winner of the show, has been dropped by her record label and now works as a holiday camp performer.
Thomas Buckett plunged 15ft on to concrete floor after friends dared him to jump on a glass skylight at Clayton hall business and language college in Stoke-on-trent. 21-year-old sustained life-changing head injuries as a result of the fall. family faces financial ruin after trying to sue the council for not doing more to secure premises.
Jessica Kemp says teachers at seminole county elementary threatened to remove kindergartner Logan from class because the oils smelled and were a distraction. the 32-year-old says she applies the liquid to his head and neck as it helps him keep calm and focused. claims she received a letter from the local school board stating the oils had created a 'problem' for staff and students.
prisoner claims he heard Freddie gray 'banging against the walls' and 'intentionally trying to injure himself', according to leaked police report. statement was cited in a warrant to search an arresting officer's clothing for possible traces of gray's DNA.
after more than nine years, the new frontiers spacecraft is now just three months away from its historic encounter with Pluto. and now the spacecraft has taken its first colour image of the dwarf planet and its moon Charon. the blurry image doesn’t reveal a huge amount of detail, but it is a sign of things to come. on 14 July 2015 the flyby of Pluto will begin - humanity’s first ever visit to the dwarf planet.
angela, 67, spent many years wearing high heel shoes. had pinched toes, sore feet and tight calf muscles. high heels can also put dangerous pressure on knee joints. increasing the risk of osteoarthritis.
north dakota college student Andrew sadek's body was found in a river with a bullet to the head nearly two months after going missing in may 2014. his mother believes that he signed his own death warrant when he agreed to become a confidential informant for police after they caught him selling marijuana. investigators haven't concluded whether sadek was slain or killed himself. a gun that fires the same caliber bullet that killed Sadek is missing from their family farm near
our social circle peaks at 26 years and seven months. women are most popular at 25 years and 10 months. men hit the friendship high point a little later at 27 years and three months.
Vladimir Putin appeared on tv to insist no troops are positioned in ukraine. his appearance is radically different to how he was in 2007 and 2010. 62-year-old's skin looks smooth, taut, tanned and younger than ever. comes amid persistent rumours he has undergone cosmetic surgery.
mother-of-two is photographed at the beginning of her day and at the end. both images are then judged independently by people on the street. researchers found she looked five years older in the evening image.
beachfront property with summer and winter cottages has gone on the market for £3million in Cornwall. estate agents have seen a rise in enquiries about the cottage, overlooking an ancient smugglers’ cove. the property has seven bedrooms, six reception rooms and seven bathrooms, and has direct access to the beach. one of the larger bedrooms in the summer cottage offers amazing views of uninterrupted coast and open sea.
Jason rezaian has been detained in Iran for eight months and faces trial. he is accused of 'espionage' and 'acting against national security' an Iranian news agency is considered to be close to the ultra conservatives.
the 'cripmas' party, held last. december, had white students throwing stereotypical gang symbols. while dressed in red and blue bandanas, t-shirts with. images of the late rapper Tupac Shakur and fake 'thug' tattoos. the party, organized by several SAE members, was held off-campus at a private residence.
paramedics were called to cockle bay wharf in Sydney's darling harbour. the man was fished out of the water by a group of ambulance workers. but before they could wrap him in a foil blanket he fell backwards. he was taken to hospital as a precautionary measure after both falls.
parents Craig and Bonnie Morgan want their son to have the best possible start in life. they've put their house on the market in order to pay for Craig Jr's prep school fees. they've also slashed their weekly grocery bills by more than half. they've also taken in lodgers, and have pinned their hopes on a 'crowd-funding' initiative.
the pontiff made the comments at a 100th anniversary mass on. sunday. turkey summoned the Holy See's ambassador in. ankara in protest. it said his comments had caused a 'problem of trust'
hundreds of men and thousands of pack animals lost their lives on the infamous Chilkoot Trail during the Klondike Gold Rush. the 32-mile hike took weeks to complete but even then they staggered into Bennett, a makeshift city of tents, hotels and saloons. bordering Alaska, it is almost twice the size of britain, with ranges of sparkling snow-crusted peaks.
scientists have found traces of compounds found in camomile and yarrow in the plaque of 50,000 year old Neanderthal teeth. this suggests they may have used the plants to make food more palatable.
a wily coyote gave the new york police department the runaround for more than an hour on Tuesday morning after it was spotted on the grounds of a co-op building. the male animal, which was eventually captured with a dart gun, was first seen by a local walking his dog in a park near the church of the holy apostles. after the resident alerted two workers to the sighting, NYPD officers arrived at the scene but the coyote did not surrender
commuter recorded driver driving with his wrists and forearms. driver was seen with both hands on a piece of paper believed to be a timetable. he has been taken out of passenger service while the agency investigates.
the bodies of a 37-year-old woman, a 2-year-old girl and an 8-year-old boy were discovered by police Monday night. investigators were trying to determine the circumstances surrounding the deaths. the victims have been identified as Christie fradeneck, her daughter celeste fradeneck and her son Timothy fradeneck.
the iconic Sydney Harbour Bridge has topped the list as the most photographed australian landmark on Instagram with 342,969 photos. it trumps Sydney's popular bondi beach which has been ranked second with 261,911 photos. the famous tourist attractions were listed in the 20 most 'Instagrammed' places in australia as part of research released by love home swap on Wednesday.
the handout, entitled Islam/Radical Islam (Did you know), made unsubstantiated claims like: '38 percent of Muslims believe people that leave the faith should be executed' authorities haven't yet released the name of the teacher at foster high school in Richmond or what discipline he faces. at least one student, who was Muslim, showed the document to her parents who contacted the council of american Islamic relations.
90 per cent of bets placed on the sex have been in favour of a female child. the odds were slashed further yesterday after a punter from Edinburgh placed a whopping £2,000 wager on a new princess. betting on the new royal baby's date of birth has also been hotting up. the 18th, 19th and 20th of April are the most popular choices.
the funeral for murdered 26-year-old high school teacher Stephanie Scott will be held at the venue where she was set to wed her childhood sweetheart. a memorial service has been finalised to take place at the Eat Your Greens function centre in Eugowra, near Ms Scott's home town of canowindra. the parish priest officiating at the ceremony said he was bracing himself for a hugely emotional occasion.
Sol Campbell is part of a new campaign to encourage minorities to register to vote in next month's general election. he has joined forces with homeland actor David harewood, musician Tinie Tempah and paralympic medallist//television presenter Ade Adepitan. the campaign, run by operation black vote, features the stars in striking photographs ahead of the voting registration deadline on April 20.
Edward fride, pastor at Christ the King in Ann Arbor, suggested churchgoers attend classes to gain a concealed pistol license. he warned that crime had gone up in the area while budget cuts meant that there had been a ‘significant reduction in the availability of an armed police response’. his letter was called ‘We’re not in mayberry anymore, toto’ in a reference to the Andy Griffith show set in a north carolina town in the 1960s.
plastic Jesus put up seven 'NO Kardashian Parking Anytime' signs around Hollywood this week. he got the idea for the piece while driving down Melrose avenue in l.a. a few weeks ago, when traffic was brought to a standstill because of a Kardashian shopping on the street.
the 37-year-old supermodel gave birth to her daughter cecilia Kathryn on february 9.
best temperatures at 2pm today were 16.2C (61.2F) at Achnagart in the Scottish Highlands, followed by 14.5C (58.1F) in Plymouth. incoming high tides and strong winds have prompted five flood alerts to be in place today - for Devon, Cornwall, Somerset, Bristol and cumbria. today will bring cloudy weather for central and eastern Britain with sunny spells and the chance of light showers. tonight will be fairly cloudy for the centre of the country with the possibility of
scythe enthusiasts say aidan. Turner's shirtless scene tarnished the view of the. usually'sedate' action of scything. expert scyther Chris Riley, 56, says in real life, Turner would have run out of breath long before completing the filed. he compared himself to rocker Iggy pop instead.
marks & Spencer is stocking the Bouea macrophylla – or mango plum. fruit has a bright orange edible skin, which is firmer than a plum. it has a sweet taste similar to an alphonso mango but with a softer texture.
former sprinter's son caught with drugs during police raid in west london. officers uncovered haul and 'drugs paraphernalia' with help of sniffer dog. 29-year-old today admitted two counts of possessing class a drugs. he was jailed for 15 months in august 2012 for 'turning blind eye' to drugs.
the Purple heart, given to military personnel wounded in battle, offers increased retirement pay. 13 people were killed and 31 were injured in the 2009 attack carried out by an army psychiatrist who is now on military death row. top military commanders recalled tables that became makeshift stretchers to transport the wounded and dying.
on Wednesday virgin australia launched complimentary food on all domestic flights. the latest introduction of free food will be part of a package that will also include free checked baggage on all domestic flights. the food and beverage service has been tailored to the time of day and the duration of the journey.
convicted murderer Nikko Jenkins tried to carve '666' into his forehead. but he used a mirror, so the numbers came out backwards. it comes amid his ongoing appeal that he is mentally unstable.
the 53-year-old is accused of nine offences against three girls and three women. one alleged victim says he repeatedly assaulted her at capital radio's studios. two others say they were sexually touched against their will by him at magic FM's studios in central london.
Ben parsons, 34, of east sussex, proposed to his girlfriend, Anna Jefferson, 36. he had already run 24.5 miles of the 26.2-mile Brighton marathon. after Anna said yes, he ran on towards the finishing line.
Ken broskey, 69, of livonia, michigan, has been diagnosed with stage 4 cancer, and has taken a job as an Uber driver. this so he can earn enough money to pay off his mortgage before he dies so his daughter and grandchildren can continue to live in his house. the company has donated $5,000 to the man, and is also donating $1 to a gofundme campaign set up for the man. this is all thanks to the work of Roland gainer, a
the humanoid, known as ham, is on exhibit at an electronics event in hong kong. it is made using malleable material called frubber and nanotechnology. using specialised software the machine can recognise and respond to facial expressions. it can also be used in the simulation of medical scenarios.
Xavier denamur claims that almost three quarters of all dishes served in french bistros, brasseries and cafes are shipped in from a factory and microwaved. compares chefs' corner-cutting as being the culinary equivalent of a low-cost airline. last year, the country that gave us the croissant, coq au vin and moules marinères did not get a single entry in to the top ten of the world's 50 best restaurant awards.
Mohammed tahir, 53, of leytonstone, east london, convicted of sexual assault. rubbed himself up against a woman in a busy carriage on a hot summer's day. judge banned him from using the tube or entering any station during rush hours.
in the HBO documentary thought crimes, 'cannibal cop' Gilberto Valle talks about his 2012 arrest and the claims that allegedly plotted to kidnap, torture, and eat women online. the film will also be shown on HBO in may for those hungry to learn about Valle and his stomach-churning fantasies.
Craig Roberts, 36, walked into post office in Chadderton, manchester. employee shouted that he would have to leave guide dog outside if he wanted to be served. said he was left feeling 'angry and shocked' and 'embarrassed and humiliated'.
the four-storey home has five kingsize bedrooms, five bathrooms, an underground pool, a gym, and a lift to take cars to the basement garage. the purchase comes after she made a handsome profit on the sale of her previous flat, in Chelsea.
heartwarming scenes captured by professional photographer during a trip to Kuril lake in Kamchatka, in Russia.
Pittsburgh-based pop-up store, less than 100, has priced its entire stock to reflect the local gender pay gap. female customers are only charged 76 per cent of the retail price while men pay in full. owner Elana Schlenker hopes to highlight the disparity in salaries between the sexes through the shop.
violet price, 80, had been missing from her home in moustier village since last week. her son, a businessman who lives in the area, was unable to reach her by phone after she attended a dinner party. a 32-year-old man has now been arrested and charged with murder.
the rectangular island of por-bajin was found in a lake in deepest siberia. archaeologists believe it was used as a fortress or prison 1,300 years ago. others believe it was built to attract people instead of imprisoning them.
millie marotta, 36, is giving colouring books an adult twist. her sellout volume Animal kingdom is filled with intricate and designs of animals filled with stylised flower shapes, patterns and shapes. the art book has achieved unheard levels of success, selling 500,000 copies worldwide.
a teacher discovered the worms while skiing in the mountains near Bergen at the weekend. there have been multiple reports of worm rainfall in southern Norway.
Jonathan Krueger, a junior in the college of communication and information at the university of Kentucky, was shot in the chest around 2 a.m. Friday while walking home. police charged 18-year-old Justin smith with the murder after he fled when they tried to stop him earlier in the morning while driving a minivan that matched the one described by someone who was with the victim. 'the look on his face was just like, incredible. he was asking us if like, he could trust
Freddie gray, 25, died after he 'had his spine 80 per cent severed at his neck' following his arrest by three bicycle officers for a violation that's been kept'secret' until today. police still have no answers about exactly what happened that led to the neck injury though Baltimore mayor Stephanie Rawlings-Blake said, 'whatever happened happened in the back of the van' six officers have been suspended, but investigators say they still don’t know how it happened.
Robert fidler, 66, secretly constructed mock-Tudor castle with battlements and cannons and lived there from 2002 to 2006. he unveiled it officially in 2006 when he thought he would be able to exploit loophole that prevents enforcement action against structure. but local authority laid siege by refusing to grant retrospective permission. now, after numerous court appearances costing tens of thousands of pounds, communities and local government secretary Eric pickles has ruled home must be pulled down
memorials to south africa's colonial past defaced by mainly young black protesters. statues of queen victoria and king george v splashed with paint. war memorials were also defaced by mainly young black protesters.
Tina Fey was seen out with her husband Jeff Richmond and daughter penelope on a school run in new york city on friday morning. this is the first time the Emmy-award winning writer, producer and actor has been spotted since the tragic suicide of renowned cosmetic dermatologist, dr. Fredric brandt. the dermatologist took his own life on april 5 and was said to have been devastated over a caricature of himself on her show unbreakable kimmy Schmidt
Mohammed dahbi told the couple to 'keep that behavior for the bedroom' he also called them 'b*****', 'c****' and 'whores' after they refused to pay fare. judge ordered him to pay $10,000 in fines and attend anti-discrimination training.
films and tv shows portraying 'beautiful young vampires' are said to be encouraging the surge. also driving a new generation of what the church considers demonic possessions. professor made the revelation when speaking to a Vatican-backed exorcism course.
magistrates took just 15 minutes to find Karen gaynor not guilty of criminal damage. the 53-year-old was accused of causing criminal damage by pruning tree. neighbour Kay daye said tree was 'terrible, all chopped back and dead'
Joshua corbett is charged with stalking and breaking into bullock's home last summer. a 911 call played in court on Thursday shows the actress stumbling into her closet after spotting an intruder. corbett is accused of breaking into bullock's home three days before his arrest.
a new poll reveals 54 per cent want her kept out of the next government. and 59 per cent want the SNP as a whole to play no part in running the country. polls in Scotland put the SNP on course to make huge gains north of the border.
David Cameron will announce the move today as he pledges to commit £8billion to fund the health service. this is the amount needed to help plug a £30billion hole in the health service’s accounts over the next five years. prime minister said last night he was ‘utterly committed’ to the health service.
Tom Ryan, 40, was struck by a Toyota while making deliveries on staten island. onlookers used shirt as tourniquet in desperate attempt to stop the bleeding. married father-of-two was taken to staten island university before being transferred by air ambulance to a hospital.
Phoenix Keating, Alice McCall, Zhivago and Khim hangall embraced a raw, punk style on the catwalk. models wore fishnets, tattoos and leather harnesses. this year marks a record for hang who has been said to be the youngest designer to show at MBFWA.
the two brothers have reconciled in an attempt to rebuild their relationship. Ryan, 41, phoned his brother Rhodri, 38, out of the blue. the affair was first revealed in 2011 when his wife Natasha admitted an eight-year affair with the football legend.
Nicola sparked outrage with her suggestion by refusing to rule out a second vote. lib dem leader warned entire country would suffer if the SNP chose to 'constantly ask everybody the same question until they get an answer they want' in September's referendum, 55 per cent voted in favour of staying in the uk.
the latest polls have the two main parties locked on around 35 per cent. pointing to another hung parliament on may 7, bookies are seeing a flood of cash. one bookie alone has taken five bets for more than £10,000 on tories. not a single bet of this size has been placed on labour.
Patrick O'Melia, 39, was flagged down by Justin Braddock's sister. when he got to the car he found Braddock unconscious in the front seat. he spent seven minutes giving him CPR and eventually revived him. Braddock, 34, was taken to hospital but fled without a thank you. he was later caught by deputies as he ran away from hospital.
the larung gar Buddhist academy is home to 40,000 monks and nuns. the sprawling settlement, sertar, sits on elevations of 12,500ft. the wooden huts are built so closely together, they look like a red sea.
documents include blueprints for an ISIS secret service and instructions on how to infiltrate and take control of local villages. handwritten charts and notes of former Iraqi army colonel explains in detail how ISIS were able to take control in the area. 'blueprints' outline exactly how the group intended to infiltrate villages and cities by recruiting young men as spies.
the 223ft Explorer is a concept yacht designed by british designer Tony Castro. it comes with its own helipad, infinity pool and plenty of space for jetskis and water toys. the luxury superyacht is sturdy enough to circumnavigate the globe.
a 13-page checklist from the gemini 4 mission in June 1965 is tipped to sell for £80,000 ($120,000) the list shows the various steps the astronauts had to go through when opening and closing the hatch to space. one astronaut, Ed white, spent 20 minutes in space before having to come back in, which he said was the'saddest moment of my life'. but the mission proved successful and paved the way to astronauts walking on the moon for the first time four years later
Andrei luneov reportedly walked on tripwire while reporting on fighting. received first aid at the scene by medics and visibly shaken colleagues. stepped on landmine while inspecting ruins of village near mariupol. yearlong conflict between rebels and government forces has killed 6,000.
the epa is contacting people including employees at Sirenusa resort in st. john to determine how many others might have been exposed. the family had rented a second-floor condominium at Sirenusa, a resort of 22 villas, late last month. they were airlifted to separate hospitals in Philadelphia suffering major respiratory trauma.
Mary day used taxpayers' money to go on luxury holidays to goa. the 60-year-old fraudulently claimed £16,500 of income support and disability allowance despite having £27,000 of her own savings in the bank. her savings were £11,000 above the £16,000 threshold for savings while claiming benefits, which meant she was overpaid benefits for more than four years. she was caught following an anonymous tip-off to benefits officers.
police called after teenagers started 'running riot' at southport holiday park. women threw chairs at one and other and a reveller was arrested. holidaymakers said two women were knocked out in the fracas. one man from Liverpool said the argument appeared to start after a confrontation between two groups.
David nellist, 38, of keswick, cumbria, was caught on CCTV punching, kicking and throwing his dog across the room. a neighbour heard the young spaniel cross called coco'screaming' he was sentenced to two months in prison, suspended for 18 months. he was also banned from keeping animals for five years by magistrates.
the white-cheeked macaque was discovered in the highland forests of south-east Tibet after researchers set up camera traps. it has a distinctive rounded penis rather than the arrow shaped genitalia found on other species in the area.
former army private, 27, was convicted of espionage in 2013 for leaking a trove of classified documents to the wikileaks website. he switched his name to Chelsea in April 2014 and was sentenced to 35 years prison. in february this year, he was approved for hormone treatment, allowing her to transition into a woman while serving out her sentence. she has given her first in-depth interview from behind bars, describing the 'painful and awkward' process
Labour has taken a commanding four point lead over the tories with just 28 days until polling day, according to pollsters survation. revelation comes in the wake of a furious political row over the labour leader’s personal character. defence secretary Michael Fallon said Mr Miliband could stab Britain in the back like he did to his brother.
shadow business secretary said he was opposed to 'taxing for the sake of taxing' remarks highlighted divisions in labour's top ranks over the 50p rate. it was introduced for the last few weeks of Gordon brown's government.
almost three quarters of grilled cheese sandwich eaters have sex at least once a month, according to a survey by us dating site Skout. 32 per cent of lovers of grilled cheese have sex at least six times a month. 84 per cent of grilled cheese fans love to travel, compared with 78 per cent who aren’t keen on the snack.
comedian Dave Hughes called radio broadcaster a 'w**ker' on national television. the pair were discussing depression and alcohol following a video of prime minister Tony Abbott skolling a beer in a pub. this sparked Hinch to question if binge drinking was as prevalent back when he was younger as it is today. but Hughes said: 'i absolutely stand by it. in that moment, and I think derryn would agree... he was a w**ker'
the Harewood arms in wakefield, west yorkshire, has publicly revealed its support for the right-wing party. landlord Matt eason said: 'we believe in a lot of the policies UKIP stands for regarding the pub industry and would like to let you know we show our support' it has left regular customers stunned and provoked a'marmite' reaction.
british businessman, 57, and partner, 53, arrested over 'ill treatment' of child. blanca, 15, fell to her death from the 21st floor apartment in repulse bay. a police source said she locked herself in a bathroom shortly before 2am. paramedics declared her dead at the foot of the building at 1.46am.
activity in parts of. reynosa ground to a halt on. friday afternoon. three suspected assailants were killed during the confrontations. two state police. were injured, the Tamaulipas state government said.
Jake castner, 19, went into hiding last week after a warrant was issued for his arrest in relation to a string of thefts. he boasted on the social media site: 'we don't talk to police!' the troubled teenager's facebook page is littered with drug references including offers of 'bud for cash' and an image of him smoking a glass pipe.
pompous Albert is a grey cat with tufty hair and a permanent frown. has already racked up a remarkable 44.1k followers on Instagram. is named after his famous lookalike - physician Albert Einstein.
Kelly Watson, 41, started having problems three years ago when she began struggling with her words and co-ordination. despite regular trips to GPs, it was never suggested she might have dementia as she was too young. but after tests and a brain scan, she was hit with the news of early-onset dementia on her 41st birthday last year. she said: 'i will forget I'm a mum, forget my beautiful girl Holly. it's all been stolen from me'
experts said training was 'heavily geared' towards young people. this left many older workers vulnerable when companies'shed' jobs. over-55s had same literacy and numeracy skills as those aged 16 to 24. they were worse at these skills than colleagues in their 30s and 40s.
a jury decided in 2004 that he should be put to death, and unsuccessful appeals since have focused on whether he was mentally ill at the time of the slayings. he died 22 minutes after being injected and is now the fifth inmate to be executed this year in Texas, the nation's most active death penalty state.
the shcherbakov family adopted the bear cub after it wandered up to the gate at their home in far eastern russia. the family matriarch cooks porridge for the cub and feeds him milk from a refashioned beer bottle. wildlife experts caution against bringing an orphaned bear cub or any other wild animals into the home.
body cam footage has surfaced of a crowd of street racers threatening police officers who rescued their friends from a serious crash. the vision was captured at a known hoon hotspot in Yatala on the gold coast. a 20-year-old man has been charged with a medley of offences after he flipped the vehicle on the weekend. a 19-year-old was hospitalised with a broken neck, along with the driver, 20, and another 17-year
Anna foord convinced investors to buy gems overvalued by up to 2,000 per cent. the 30-year-old even flew to new york to shop in exclusive boutiques. she was part of a gang of fraudsters who lived lavish lifestyles.
the 32-year-old is a writer and self-confessed 'gender rebel' who recently came out as transgender.
Lorraine Valentine suffers from the rare disease erythropoietic protoporphyria. it causes her skin to burn and become unbearable itchy when exposed to sunlight or UV light. a holiday abroad left the 42-year-old in hospital for six days.
the key is to maintain an even balance of 'energy in' and 'energy out' this means that the energy we put into our bodies through food and drink must be equated with exercise to burn the energy. a small chocolate bunny contains 2212 kjs and would take an hour and ten minutes of swimming to work off. a medium chocolate bunny takes two and a half to three hours of kayaking.
president went off-script during a peace summit in Geneva in the 1980s. asked the Soviet leader for his support in the event of an alien invasion. repeated the warning when he spoke to a group of students. his subsequent speeches were examined by his advisers.
Gina marie was one of the participants in the NRHA European Futurity horse show in the Bavarian town of Kreuth. the 17-year-old was seen riding a number of different horses as she took part in what is known as the 'first go-round 2nd section' yesterday afternoon.
duchess of cambridge expected to give birth to new baby later this week. new arrival will spend first few weeks at parents' country home, anmer hall. nursery has been given a beatrix potter theme and fitted with Moses baskets.
Kieron power's wife had previously been given £110 ticket for stopping in same place. a week later he went back to gather evidence of police cars parked at the stop in Kingston upon Thames, south-west london. he was stopped in pincer manoeuvre by a pair of police cars and questioned under anti-terror laws.
photograph showing Geraldine Schultz, 67, was blown 35 miles from her home. it showed her alongside her husband, 84-year-old clem Schultz. it was taken around 1980 to feature in a church directory.
these are the ‘nail’ houses in china left standing after their owners refused to give in to property developers vying for their demolition. homes such as these in china are known as 'dingzihu' or 'nail houses' because they stick out and are difficult to remove.
letourneau, 53, and her husband, 31-year-old Vili fualaau, will talk about their controversial relationship in an interview that will air on 20/20 on friday. letourneau shot to infamy after starting a relationship with fualaau when he was 12 and falling pregnant with his child when he was 13. she served a seven-year prison term for the relationship. they married and now have two children together. their two daughters, who are now both
marks found on fossils of two adults and a child unearthed in french region. similar marks have been seen at other sites showing how our ancestors cut and fractured the bones of their dead relatives.
Alison and Charles sharland divorced in 2010 and agreed £10.35m settlement. she gave up claim to equal share in husband's software firm appSense. but appSense was later valued at £460m and his stake was said to be worth £132m. court of appeal ruled he lied but refused to overturn the divorce settlement. now she will take her case to the supreme court to reopen the case.
'with the hormones we have, there is no way [a woman] should be able to start a war,' Cheryl Rios wrote on her facebook page on sunday. 'yes I run my own business and I love it and I am great at it BUT that is not the same as being the president, that should be left to a man, a good, strong, honorable man,' she said. 'your lack of knowledge of strong women leaders in history baffles me and your
Audrey pekin, 19, says she was raped twice in Bali on christmas eve. she says she was attacked by a man, Henry alafu, who lured her to his home. he then allegedly attacked her in a taxi as she tried to flee. alafu fled back to his native Nigeria, where he was arrested by police.
english teacher Brianne altice, 35, was ordered to stand trial last month on 14 felony charges, including rape, sodomy, sexual abuse and sex with a minor. in mid-March, one of the alleged victims brought a $647,000 lawsuit against the district accusing officials of negligence for failing to fire the 'flirtatious' teacher. the second lawsuit, filed last week, describes how altice began flirting with the student, then 16, and other boys in her
theatre director Glen Walford has been embroiled in legal battle with council. 75-year-old's mother Mary, now 100, moved into care home in 2006. council argued that the house was not her home at the time of care. they have now won right to force her to use equity in house for care home fees. case could pave way for relatives to be liable for parents' care.
Lee Keeley, 38, grabbed woman and hit her head against a wall. he chased her round courtroom and tore out clumps of her hair. victim suffered cut to right ear, bruising and swelling to ear and bruised ribs.
tool works with all android phones that have the latest google app installed. it appears to only work when the user is signed into their Google account on Chrome - although this hasn't been confirmed. to locate a lost phone, sign into a Google account on chrome and type 'find my phone' into the search engine. a map appears as the first result with a message asking the user to sign in again to confirm their identity. clicking 'Ring' will remotely call the handset.
Dawn Williamson, 39, could not even confront a plastic snake without panicking. she would obsessively check her toilet for the reptiles every day. but therapists Nik and Eva Speakman broke down her phobia live on tv. they 'proved' to her that her fear was irrational with their no-nonsense approach. by the end of the show she was able to touch a real-life 9ft burmese py
model and actress sulinh lafontaine claimed in interviews that she was the sole female stunt driver in the latest installment in the fast & furious franchise. but as the car blog jalopnik reported Thursday, the 5-foot-5, 95-pound actress has been brazenly misrepresenting herself as a member of the film's crew. lafontaine posed with a lime-green challenger used in the movie and was interviewed by a blogger for a segment that was later featured on CNN
former sheriff's deputy andrew steele, 40, has pleaded not guilty by reason of mental disease in the shooting deaths of his wife, 39-year-old ashlee steele, and her 38-year-old sister, 38-year-old kacee tollefsbol. a forensic psychiatrist has testified that a rambling note Steele wrote about suicide and sexual relations with his wife and sister-in-law is delusional. he said that
the house in the sea sits right on the beach in newquay and can only be reached by crossing a 90ft-high suspension bridge. the interiors are a luxurious mix of sleek neutrals and modern design, with panoramic sea views.
Roxy Walsh found the ring while snorkelling at Finns beach club in Bali on April 7. the ring has what appears to be a family crest and has been engraved with the heartfelt message: 'darling Joe, happy 70th birthday 2009, love Jenny' the facebook message has already been shared an astonishing 23 thousand times, taking the search for the special ring global.
Marie surprenant was eight-months-old when she was admitted to the children's healthcare of Atlanta with more than 14 fractures, numerous bruises and a spinal cord injury that left her paraplegic. after her biological mother and her boyfriend were arrested, Marie was placed into foster care and later adopted by her adoptive mother Michele.
source said he was wounded by an attack from the us-led coalition in march. at first his chances of survival were deemed to be low, but he pulled through. his inner circle reportedly mooted the idea of naming a new leader.
71% of voters say they are choosing politicians and have no need to know about spouses. only a quarter say it is important to know about leaders' domestic lives. findings may come as shock to party leaders who have invited cameras into their homes and given wives prominent campaign roles.
Buddhist monk was preserved wearing a golden cloak and beads in 1998. now 17 years on, his facial features and wispy beard are still clearly visible.
Toshiba's humanoid robot, named as aiko chihira, is set to start work at the information desk of a department store in Tokyo. the female-looking robot will only speak Japanese - but she is also capable of sign language. the robot will offer six-minute guidance to customers with information about the department store including events.
Christopher flowers, 84, was driving down chili avenue, near route 390, ny. dropped lit cigarette into his shirt, causing several layers of clothing to burst into flames. pulled over and tried to extract burning cigarette from his top. but windy conditions fanned flames so much they engulfed entire torso. as flames surrounded pensioner's head, three good samaritans pulled over. they tried to extinguish
Jack Mascitelli, from victoria, took up the unsavoury dare in broad daylight at 8.45am during schoolies week in the popular NSW beach town. the 18-year-old accidentally ran'screaming and yelling' past a group of police officers. the officers then found him hiding in a nearby kebab shop.
corry 'Corey' Campbell, 21, believed the victim, 53-year-old Greg Valecce, had hurt his cat, pebbles. the unemployed drug addict had been staying in the basement of Campbell's mother's house in mayfair, in the city's northeast. the basement became a torture chamber where he would be strapped to a chair and violated for three days. Campbell, his girlfriend Sandra Ng, 19, and friend Carl Halin, 18, cornered Valec
Jamie pettingill was found guilty of stealing six mobile phones. he flashed a knife at a schoolboy, telling him 'i'll cut your f**king face off' the 26-year-old was ordered to complete 350 hours of community service. pettingill is the son of Trevor, who was acquitted of shooting two police constables in Melbourne's infamous 1988 Walsh street murders.
ranette afonso, 42, was parked waiting for her husband to return in august 2013. a sporty Nissan skyline tried to squeeze into a tiny space behind her car. she felt a thud and knew a car had crashed into her - she was fuming. when marko stepped out, she was angry with him for being so careless. the pair exchanged insurance and contact details and began texting. two months after the accident, they moved in together
baby arley was born on the I-65 in Louisville, Kentucky, on tuesday. his parents, Jessica brown and her husband, Zakk satterley, were en route to hospital when they realized they weren't going to make it. they were stuck in traffic waiting for the presidential motorcade to pass. there was a high-risk nurse sitting in her car nearby who was able to run over and deliver the baby safely.
the temperature in the south is forecast to reach 24C (75F) today and 25C (77F) tomorrow, surpassing the highest seen so far this year, the 21.9C (71.4F) recorded in london. delightful weather caused by warm air blowing up from the. Azores. bookmakers are receiving tens of thousands of pounds in bets on this year breaking records.
Kyle seitz, 37, of Ridgefield, received two years of conditional release, a sentence similar to probation, at the hearing in Danbury superior court. authorities say seitz forgot to take his 15-month-old son, Benjamin, to day care on the morning of July 7, 2014, and left him in the car for seven hours while he went to work. it was not until seitz drove to his son's day care at the end of the work day to pick him up that he realized Benjamin was dead in
teachers are suffering broken arms and severed fingers at the hands of violent pupils as young as six. last year staff at eight schools refused to teach pupils who threw chairs, brought fireworks in and threatened to slit other children's throats. revelations made at teachers' union NASUWT's annual conference in Cardiff.
chaos: Caught on camera premieres on the science channel at 10pm on monday, April 13.
Koral reef's family believes she picked up the rare Balamuthia mandrillaris infection on a family trip to lake havasu in may 2013. the 20-year-old married her high school sweetheart that July and began to show worsening symptoms like headache, fatigue and stiff neck a couple of months later. by October 2014, Reef would be dead. she was 20-years-old. now her mother is on a mission to educate the world about the dangers of Bal
an international arrest warrant has been issued for dr nadeem azeez, 52. he is thought to be in pakistan but charged with manslaughter by gross negligence. maidstone and tunbridge wells NHS trust also accused of corporate manslaughter. teacher frances cappuccini died within hours of her second son's birth. she had intended to have elective caesarean at tunbridge wells hospital.
Dmitry kaminskiy, a senior partner of. hong kong-based firm, deep knowledge ventures, is hoping his million dollar gift will trigger a new group of'supercenternarians' he says research into stem cells, tissue rejuvenation and regenerative medicine will allow people to live beyond 120. french born jeanne calment currently holds the record, having lived to age 122.5.
the telemovie will be shown in countries such as Syria, Iraq and Afghanistan later in the year, urging asylum seekers not to trust people smugglers. an immigration department spokesperson would not clarify whether the government will fully fund the drama. this comes as prime minister Tony Abbott stated that only the coalition would be able to stop asylum seeker boats.
the incident occurred in the busy Fisherman's Wharf area of san francisco. the cyclist yelled at the driver, banged on his window and pushed in his mirror. he sustained a punctured lung, broken ribs and a broken clavicle. driver Emerson decarvalho, 38, stayed at the scene and was charged with assault with a deadly weapon.
Jesus Salas aguayo, also known as 'El Chuyn', was arrested on friday. he was hired by the Juarez Cartel to take over command of the 'line' cartel's street-level army. in 2008 he led the assault on the invading Sinaloa Cartel. that year alone saw 1,600 homicides in the city of 1.5 million people. in 2012 he led the massacre of fifteen people in a
organisers have asked celebrities to stop taking 'ridiculous and grotesque' images. director Thierry fremaux said selfies slowed down entire event. but he said: 'you never look as ugly as you do in a selfie'
more than 3,400 press officers employed by local councils across the uk. number of communications employees is more than two times that working across 20 central government departments. nearly 45 councils employ 20 or more communications staff each.
michelle o'clee, 39, was cruelly duped by her bigamist husband. he explained away his long absences with a web of lies involving safe houses, witness protection, police escorts and serious fraud. he secretly moved in with finance manager Philippa Campbell, who lived 40 miles away. ex-soldier, 36, jailed for eight months after admitting bigamy.
Elizabeth sedway, 51, from granite hill, california, suffers from multiple myeloma - a rare form of plasma cancer. she posted an emotional video on her facebook page Monday showing her family being kicked off a packed plane.
Richard Williams, 54, jailed for four years and eight months at manchester crown court. he had spent £50,000 of the cash turning a canal narrowboat into a replica german second world war submarine with torpedo tubes and a periscope. his ex-wife Laurel howarth, 28, was jailed for 20 months for her part in the five-year scam which defrauded her of £1,017,505.
Maria twomey, 42, of watford, became a bikini competitor after swapping takeaways for weight-lifting and intense workouts on the exercise bike. she has now left behind her job in nursing and joined ranks of professional fitness models, hitting the gym for three hours a day.
video was taken of a routine skydive in everöd, south wales. shows two skydivers linking arms in mid-air as they free fall. at that moment, the camera slips from the helmet and falls to the ground. it spins for a minute and a half before crashing into a field.
the figure equates to £183 an hour and was revealed following a freedom of information request. it was paid by the Shrewsbury and Telford hospital NHS trust. trust has been criticised for wasting taxpayers' money.
arman nejad, 23, dragged victim into his house and raped her in 2009. victim went to police in 2010 but case was mysteriously dropped. three years later she asked why her rape case had been shelved. detectives then arrested and charged nejad with rape and he was jailed.
Karen catherall, 45, was brutally murdered by Darren Jeffreys, 47. she made a 999 call from her mobile just after she returned from the pub. call handler said they could not hear anything and did not connect the call. ms catherall's family have slammed telecommunications company. but BT says it acted appropriately and in line with police guidance.
jamelia said she was 'hounded on twitter' after airing her views on show. the 34-year-old mother-of-two said she was referring to 'extreme sizing' 'of course I don't think we should ban plus-size clothes from shops,' she said.
Corey Edwards, five, was diagnosed with a complex congenital heart defect. he has undergone eight open-heart operations and other treatments. parents Craig, 28, and jemma, 21, decided to marry at his bedside. they had been engaged for three years but plans were put on hold. they made history when they became the first couple to marry at the hospital. they had to get permission from the archbishop of Canterbury.
Walter the 22-year-old grey-headed flying fox bat, from Sydney, picked up his bizarre taste after sneaking a slurp out of his owner's cup of tea. the bat has been grounded by the debilitating disease and spends his time lying around in hammocks, sipping on tea and eating snacks. since Walter acquired the unusual taste, all of the other bats in his aviary have also begun drinking the beverage.
photographs show the finer details of a butterfly's wing in stunning clarity, including their rainbow scales. as well as the beautiful colours, they show the layout of individual scales, which give the insect its iridescence. photos were shot by 51-year-old from Staffordshire, who combines his love of photography with a PhD in biochemistry.
snacking is an important way to control hunger, experts say. but more often than not it's salty crisps, sweet biscuits or cheap chocolate. if we knew what the triggers were, would we be able to stop ourselves from reaching for unhealthy foods?
20 stone flakes and anvils were discovered west of lake Turkana in Kenya. discovery could fundamentally change the current view of human evolution. it means that ancient human ancestors were creating tools hundreds of thousands of years before the appearance of the first'man'
Shanna McCormick, 31, feared she would not live to see her wedding day. weighed nearly 28st and suffered life-threatening asthma attacks. doctors warned the strain of being overweight would kill her. embarked on a strict two-year weight-loss plan. lost 16.5st and dropped 18 dress sizes so she can walk down the aisle.
'doing time's the easy part, you know what I'm saying?' Kenneth Morgan Stancil, 20, said as he was ushered out of the courtroom in daytona beach, florida on Tuesday. he is accused of walking into Wayne county community college in goldsboro, north Carolina on Monday and killing his former supervisor, Ronald Lane, 44. he was arrested more than 500 miles away early on Tuesday after officers found him sleeping on a florida beach.
Liana barrientos, 39, pleaded not guilty to two felony counts of filing a false instrument, involving marriage licences. she is accused of marrying 10 men over 11 years and charging a fee for her'services' one of the men was deported back to Pakistan for making threatening statements against the u.s. in 2006, it has been revealed. at one time she was legally married to at least four people simultaneously.
gemma, 23, has two children under five by two different fathers. handed them over to her mother Debbie, 52, when they were four months old. now Debbie is threatening to ban Gemma from seeing the children at all. claims that Gemma stole an iPad from one of the children and sold it to fund her party lifestyle.
labour would introduce a new legal right to ‘granny leave’. deputy leader said grandparents would be allowed to take up to four unpaid weeks off per year in order to help with childcare. more than half of mothers rely on grandparents for childcare when they first go back to work after maternity leave.
the duchess of cambridge's due date is more than a week away. a trickle of royal fans have begun arriving at the Lindo Wing. among them is well-known royal enthusiast Margaret Tyler, 71. she gave birth to her son at the wing and is an avid royal collector.
trial by jury author, Douglas Preston, says she is suffering from PTSD. says she has been ravaged financially by legal fees despite receiving a reported $4 million advance for her 2013 book, Waiting To Be Heard. says that she and her family have spent millions fighting her conviction.
lalit verma is said to have launched into a furious assault on a boy named only as Shiva after the stolen items were discovered in the boy's bag. the child complained of a severe stomach ache and began vomiting blood once he arrived home. an ambulance was called but by the time Shiva got to nearby hospital his condition deteriorated and he was declared dead on arrival.
acai berries have been linked to weight loss and cancer prevention. flax seeds are thought to help lower blood pressure and reduce the risk of heart disease. activated charcoal is thought to act as a 'detox'
Tori spelling suffered a severe burn on the back of her right arm. she had been enjoying her family's Easter brunch at Benihana's Japanese restaurant in encino, california, when she tripped and fell onto a hot grill. her doctor's determined she had a severe burn and suggested they remove the damaged skin and graft skin from another area of the body. she was eventually taken to the grossman burn center at the west hills hospital for treatment.
Justine Miliband fell in love with her husband after she was bitten by a dog. the 44-year-old said she thought he was 'good looking' and 'unattached' but he failed to tell her he was secretly going out with a mutual friend. the mother-of-two was canvassing in her husband's constituency in doncaster.
Alexander Pacteau, 21, allegedly killed nursing student Karen Buckley. her body was found on a farm six miles north of the city this week. miss Buckley went missing after a night out at the sanctuary nightclub. her disappearance sparked a huge police search earlier this week.
Jamie Oliver's company says vloggers should be more aware of adverts. investigation found vlogs popular with children are being hijacked by adverts. some are harmless products such as hair dye or pasta sauce. others are for junk food and an online gambling website.
Muslim engagement and development boasted they can influence 30 seats. group wants to let British Muslims fight in Syria without fear of prosecution. chief executive said to be in talks with both the tories and labour.
Georgia high school basketball coach Greg. Scott hadn't been feeling well lately, so on. monday he was shocked to discover he had leukemia. less than 24 hours after the devastating diagnosis, the 51-year-old unexpectedly succumbed to the deadly disease. for the past eight years, Scott had taught special education and social studies at cass high school and was the school's head basketball coach.
the fortress at Zhangjiakou, in china's northern hebei province, was built in 1393 and protected by an imposing 12-metre wall. archaeologists have begun a daunting project to restore the fortress to something approaching its former glory. the restoration of the fortress - which was given the coveted title of 'wucheng' or'martial city' after its construction.
the made in chelsea star has had many adventures beyond the capital. he has been stopped and searched for drugs in mexico and hijacked tuk tuks in india. the carefree traveller also enjoys a stay at the odd travelodge.
the 61-year-old democrat has pleaded not guilty to eight bribery counts related to his close personal friendship with eye surgeon Dr Salomon melgen. according to a 68-page federal indictment unsealed this month, Menendez helped donor melgen bring at least three mistresses to the u.s. on visas. among the mistresses are a Brazilian model who posed on the cover of'sexy' magazine and
ambrosio, 34, is being monitored at UCLA hospital in westwood, los angeles. she underwent a'medical procedure' for 'constant headaches' a friend said she had been suffering what she described as 'constant headaches'
five-year-old had just returned from a trip to the zoo when grandmother accidentally locked her in the house by herself. she panicked and ran to the window but fell between metal slats. neighbours rushed to help after they spotted the girl hanging in the air with her head trapped between the bars.
siyanda ngwenya allegedly attacked female contestant while she was asleep. pair were last seen on tv kissing and cuddling before cameras moved away. ngwenya reportedly boasted to housemates the next day that he had sex with the woman, whom mailonline has chosen not to name.
Ashy Bines, who is the face of the popular fitness program, is being chased by the tax office over debts due almost 12 months ago. the debts include income and tax, a fine and $295,955 worth of interest. the case will be heard in a Brisbane court next friday.
Chris greenwood stayed at camping la chapelle in Argeles-sur-mer. he and his family threw themselves at the mercy of campsite life. the children spent plenty of time in the pool, playing with new friends.
the agency has 40 models aged anywhere up to 60 years old. founder Kira-Lea dargin expects at least five or 10 to be appearing in next year's fashion week.
video was shot by adoring dad, called barles Charkley on the site. it stars his toddler daughter, viktoria, as she comes to terms with the tragedy. it's captioned: 'Viktoria watching lion king, and scar just killed mufasa!'
two Western lowland gorillas have made their debut at the zoo. were born less than 48 hours apart on January 17 and 19. keepers don't know either of their genders, so they haven't been named.
actor promised to fly winner and a friend to the premiere of Avengers. offer was up for grabs via $10 (£6.80) raffle tickets. raised £1,388,863 for children's hospice Julia's house. charity will now use the money to build a new hospice in Wiltshire.
Benjamin Carr, 22, harboured a 'lasting hatred' of pennie Davis, 47. he ordered drug dealer Justin Robertson, 36, to kill her. she had threatened to tell police he sexually assaulted young girls.
the collision happened about 3pm on Norfolk Southern Railway tracks near downtown Meridian, according to Lauderdale county coroner Clayton cobler. he said he was withholding the 57-year-old woman's name until all family members had been notified.
the daily mirror published pictures of the gang 21 hours before they were released. sister paper says it handed images to police, who were 'delighted' but police insisted they had the footage 'at the earliest opportunity'
industry sources said the firms are discussing a 'wholesale access agreement' a deal with hutchison would extend the service to the uk, ireland, italy and spain. customers would then be able to use this global network to make calls, send texts and use data as part of their plan, regardless of where they are.
the film is set chronologically between the third and the fourth movies in the 'Star wars' saga. director gareth Edwards who directed godzilla debuted a tantalizing trailer to preview the mysterious film. at the screening, audience members were heard to gasp when alec guinness as Obi wan kenobi in a voiceover reprised from 1977's star wars: a new hope.
wine experts have created a guide to matching wine with snacks. tasters sampled different types of wine with 10 of the nation's most popular snacks and light bites. they even found different wines match different pizza toppings.
MMA fighter tom richards, 25, was arrested in his home city of Swansea. he was held in a cell for 11 hours before being bailed at 7pm. it comes after westbrook, 41, made claims on social media. she was seen last month with a black eye after allegedly being assaulted.
video shot by australian tourist shows monkey interacting with tour guide. man squirts water at monkey from a hole in a water bottle in bid to cool it down. as monkey continues to approach, man throws bottle over to it.
victim was walking in subway when two boys approached him in newbury. they sprayed him in highly flammable WD40 before threatening to set him alight. police described the attack as 'unprovoked' and urged witnesses to come forward.
Luke Brett Moore was found guilty of knowingly dealing with proceeds of crime and dishonestly obtaining financial advantage by deception. the 27-year-old was able to overdraw $2.189 million over three years from his freedom saving account with st george bank. his luxury haul included a Maserati, an Alfa Romeo, a power boat, a michael jackson autograph, a signed photograph of the top gear hosts and numerous paintings.
Johnny manziel was spotted at a Texas rangers game with girlfriend colleen Crowley on Tuesday night. this after he checked into a rehab facility on January 28. this as offseason workouts with the team will begin next Monday, April 20.
Paul monk, 54, from Essex, wanted by spanish police for questioning. wanted over kidnap and murder of Francis Brennan, whose body washed up on a beach in march last year. he was also wanted by the metropolitan police on drug offences.
former prime minister found himself standing on the side of the road with a flat tyre. his driver got down on his knees to change the tyre outside the Sydney Conservatorium of music. former pm Felicity waterford was waiting for her daughter to finish a concert. she asked if they needed help before the former pm agreed to a selfie.
governor Andrew cuomo has become the first governor in five years to visit the island following the recent thaw in relations with the communist nation. the governor is heading a delegation of 18 academics and business leaders visiting the island in the wake of the recent announcement that the us and Cuba would restore diplomatic relations. today, cuomo met with Cuba's top officials for u.s. relations along with executives from Jetblue, MasterCard, Pfizer and other new york-based companies.
filmmaker Michael König from cologne, germany has created an amazing video showing solar activity. it was made by stitching together footage from Nasa's Solar Dynamics Observatory over five years. highlights include plasma raining down on the sun, an extreme solar eruption and even a comet breezing through the sun's atmosphere.
Nigel farage is touring the country to promote his party's election policies. but he had an awkward exchange with a worker who spoke no english. he insisted he did not want to send EU migrants home to stop them taking the jobs of young Britons.
fulton county judge Jerry baxter urged the defendants during the sentencing hearing on Monday to accept deals with the prosecution in the trial over a widespread conspiracy to cheat on state tests. if the convicted educators accept deals, they would be required to apologize and waive their right to appeal. former administrators would be given punishments from one year of weekend jail time and a $10,000 fine. former teachers and testing coordinators would be given one year of home confinement and a $1,000 fine.
the queen's guard slipped on a manhole cover during Changing of the guard. he slid sideways, knocking his bearskin on the side of the box. tourist David meadwell recorded the incident outside palace last week.
Kevin Carr set off from Haytor on dartmoor in July 2013. every day since then he has completed on average one and a quarter marathons. the 35-year-old is due to complete his epic journey tomorrow in his home county. he will become the fastest man to ever run around the world if he is successful.
27 million 5.56mm rounds were fired from the standard SA-80 assault rifle. a further two million 9mm rounds were fired from handguns. soldiers went through an estimated £5,000 worth of ammunition every day.
ISIS thugs filmed using sledgehammers and AK-47 rifles to destroy walls and statues in the 2,000-year old city of hatra. militants are also recorded chipping away at the bases of some of the larger wall sculptures and cracking boulders into city pillars. the video was posted to a militant website frequently used by the terrorist organisation.
researchers in the us examined the effects of sweetened drinks on 19 women aged between 18 and 40. half the group were given sugary drinks at breakfast, lunch and dinner. the other half had drinks made with the artificial sweetener aspartame.
inspectors found evidence of a rodent infestation in the food storage area. two dozen people suffered gastroenteritis after eating at the pub on Easter. six of them had Clostridium perfringens - a common cause of food poisoning. owner Michael Alan flegg, 68, has admitted nine food hygiene offences.
actor insists he has 'loved every minute of it' despite allegations he has been blackmailed to remain in the church.
Ellia beasley, 22, from new Milton, has more than 20 tattoos. had the line'scream your heart out' written across her belly in 2012. singer Ian watkins was later exposed as a serial paedophile.
Lord macdonald QC was DPP between 2003 and 2008. he said lawyers in Leicestershire decided fresh evidence against Janner was not worth pursuing through the courts. that decision meant he escaped prosecution for eight years.
the Amsterdam falafel shop in washington DC has launched the menu. it pairs five falafels to different strains of marijuana.
Amanda dobbins, a self-described 'body-positive' blogger, has published candid photos of herself in Lane Bryant underwear to illustrate the problem. she says the ads don't show women of all sizes, but rather a subset of overweight women who still have 'correct' proportions, with flatter stomachs and larger busts.
Joel Parker, 33, was about to get off the bus when he asked the driver if he would like a Snickers bar. when the driver declined, Parker threw the candy bar at his head instead. the driver was not injured but called the police and Parker was arrested for battery.
Eitan and Ronit Urman were invited to drop the puck before the Arizona coyotes game against the anaheim ducks on saturday. when it was announced a special guest would bring out the puck, the couple turned around to see their son running out on to the ice.
the company says it was attempting a humorous reference to other emoji symbols for objects like toilets and bathtubs that people use bleach to clean. but the corporate tweet hit a nerve when news reports and online discussions were focusing on the new collection of racially diverse faces.
web-based company homestay.com lists options for single people, couples and families in cities, established holiday areas or farther afield. rent posh private apartments in some of the world’s most glamorous cities while the owners are out of town. yurts in Mongolia, castles in the Alps, treehouses in new england and innumerable boats to stay in.
Joanne whitehouse had applied for her daughter to go to the same school. her three sons Joel, nine, Harri, seven, and Ollie, six, attend the school. she believed there would be 'no issue' with her daughter gaining a place. but when the allocations were revealed she found out her youngest would have to go to a different school, which is a 20 minute walk from her other children's. her granddaughter Olivia, who is also four, also missed out on
Joseph T. Brennan Jr. of norwell, massachusetts was arrested after police found two homes full of bomb-making materials. this after an incident on Saturday night in which Brennan accidentally blew up his car while smoking a cigarette. 'i’m an idiot. i lit a cigarette with the gunpowder in the front seat,' he said in the police report.
each year, 300,000 people come to Salzburg to soak up the magic and visit the locations of the film. the first tours started shortly after the film opened, but now buses emblazoned with the sound of music circle the city, day in, day out. for me, Salzburg is the most hummable city ever – although the tunes you find humming are probably not those that were written for the film.
the $40 (£26) cloth cover is said to hydrate the face and prevent wrinkles. unlike a normal cotton pillowcase, it redirects moisture back into the skin. it was developed by a dermatologist and comes with a lifetime guarantee.
18-year-old grew up in suburban Maryland with his elder brother, Luke. at school, he won prizes for science projects, but was ostracised as a geek. then a close family friend, uncle Ted, died of pancreatic cancer. deeply depressed, he made an unsuccessful suicide attempt. then he channelled his grief into the science that would make him a star.
Dias Costa, 49, slashed the face, arms, and necks of the raiders. they fled the house in a getaway car while dripping with blood. burglary took place in the Cerro Norte neighbourhood of cordoba.
Airbnb rentals offer places that cater to interior decor of all tastes. hark back to the earthy aesthetic of the Atomic age in the 1950s. in the 1960s, there was an increased emphasis on freedom of expression.
saturday night live sketch made light of teacher raping 16-year-old student. he refers to attack as 'the best day of my life' sparks outrage on twitter, with some calling it 'gross' another said it was a 'new low'
ski champ Lindsey vonn made another appearance in augusta on Thursday to cheer on her boyfriend while he goes after a fifth masters championship. the 30-year-old's back surgery temporarily put his career on ice last year. vonn has struggled with her own injuries and most recently won her 67th world cup downhill skiiing championship.
Huw Thomas suggested flags were for a'simpleton' or a 'casual racist' he posted his views on an online forum during the 2006 world cup. then had a suggestion for anyone annoyed by flags on cars.
'she's going to push some emotional thing on us,' predicted student hallie corum in the school's public lounge.'she's going to be, like, talking s**t,' predicted student hallie corum in between classes. Corey Jones, a graphic design student, is among those chosen to question Mrs. Clinton in a roundtable setting on Tuesday. he suspects that Hillary and Barack Obama want immigration reform because it would result in a new generation
eight members of the same family - seven of them children between ages six and 16 - were found dead from carbon monoxide poisoning in their princess Anne, Maryland, home on monday afternoon. relatives have identified the adult victim as father of seven rodney Todd, 36. police said no foul play was suspected in the deaths. a gas generator in the kitchen had run out of fuel.
max is a 18.5in high fully-grown husky-corgi cross. he has been abandoned and is now looking for a new home. huskies have become increasingly popular due to shows such as game of thrones.
state pensions would be increased by more than £60 a week, child benefit doubled, tuition fees scrapped and train fares cut by 10 per cent. party also pledged to pump an extra £12billion a year into the NHS from day one, introduce universal free elderly care and nationalise railways. but election manifesto also revealed a host of left-field pledges - including a 'complete ban' on cages for hens and rabbits.
Jack rowe was found face down in family's swimming pool in upavon, wiltshire. toddler had been trying to reach a toy when he fell into the water. coroner ruled the death as accidental and called for law change. she said there was 'little doubt' in her mind as to what had happened.
Lisa and james Tuttle moved to rural village of Geldeston in 2005. they thought their big house with a large garden would be idyllic family home. but their happiness was shattered in 2014 when their dogs were shot. marley and lily were accused of killing a farmer's birds after escaping.
Boeing 787 dreamliner has been decorated to look like the small round robot. cockpit and front half of the white fuselage are painted with blue panels. words'star wars', in movie's distinctive font, adorn the body.
ITV puppet show sees prince George 'blinged-up' with a tattoo on his arm. teasers show the duke and duchess of cambridge worrying that their son has turned out a little, well, common. prince bounces on screen with a big, gold ‘G’ pendant around his neck. he addresses a female doctor with 'Oi, oi! hello treacle'
security researcher Chris Roberts was told he couldn't fly on a united flight from Colorado to san francisco this week. he had tweeted that the airline's onboard systems could be hacked. he was questioned for four hours by the fbi after suggesting he could get the oxygen masks on the plane to deploy. on saturday, he tried to board a flight from Colorado to san francisco, but was stopped by the airline's
figures revealed that labour received £1.9million in the week to April 5. 84 per cent of donations came from just three trade unions, figures show. it included a £1million cheque from unite entrenching labour’s reliance on the union’s militant boss len McCluskey.
unidentified college student was caught underage drinking at chilifest in texas. she was challenged to a round of the beloved playground game by three officers. one of the officers chose'scissors' as his option, beating the girl. the video posted on social media site Vine has been viewed more than 500,000 times.
rodney stover, 48, was arraigned on Thursday for rape, predatory sex assault and other charges for last Saturday's attack in the bathroom at the turnmill bar on east 27th street. he allegedly grabbed the victim, a long island student, by the throat, forced her into a stall and attacked her before fleeing the bar. when the 23-year-old victim had entered the bathroom at about 7.50pm on Saturday, her attacker, thought to
one in ten of us will develop a kidney stone, and the numbers are rising. kidney stones are result of waste products in the blood forming crystals. they can be excruciatingly painful - on a level with childbirth.
Robert Gentile, 78, appeared in federal court in Hartford,. Connecticut, on friday. charged with selling a firearm to. an undercover agent. his attorney, Ryan McGuigan, contended agents really want to see what Gentile knows about the. theft of $500million in artwork from Boston's Isabella Stewart. Gardner museum 25 years ago.
Emma became obsessed with achieving the 'perfect body' within months her weight had plummeted to five-and-a-half stone. the 15-year-old was admitted to hospital twice and faced counselling. today, she is a healthier eight stone and says she wants to help others.
unarmed policewoman, 22, confronted thug in a public square in southwestern china. he stabbed her in the shoulder after she confronted him while on patrol. she continued to grapple with him as he wielded the 60 centimetre-long machete.
army-veteran William Snyder, 34, was charged hours after the body of his wife, Kelley Jo Snyder, 34, was found in a river near to their home on Saturday. police say that he has admitted moving the body from their home. he is also alleged to have fabricated a ransom note seeking $60,000 for his wife's safe return.
thief entered a branch of Lloyds bank in new Milton, hampshire. he threatened cashier staff and ordered them to hand over money. the man then fled from the station road bank with a'significant' amount of cash. police say a 56-year-old man has been arrested on suspicion of robbery.
mental health advocate Nic newling struggled through misleading highs and depressing lows of an undiagnosed bipolar disorder. his brother, Christopher, killed himself amidst his own quieter battle with mental illnesses, which helped put his life back in perspective. the 28-year-old moved between doctors and psychiatric wards and was fed various concoctions of prescriptive medication. he was finally diagnosed with bipolar disorder at the age of 18.
Byron, 47, only discovered he was a world-beater when he picked up a copy of the Guinness book of world records while helping his daughter with a school project. his daughter Emily, 14, is not far behind at 7.3cm and holds the record for the widest female tongue. Byron's wife says friends'make jokes about Byron's tongue and our love life' but she won't be drawn on the insinuations.
police launched hunt after five-year-old was taken from hospital last august. his parents were found in spain but released without charge. police claimed £12,712.97 in overtime over six days.
madalina neagu, 42, arrived at a hospital with severe pain in her abdomen. she told medics she believed she was in labour and they prepared to operate. but after carrying out tests, they were shocked to discover she wasn't pregnant at all. instead, she was carrying an 11lb (5kg) tumour inside her uterus. emergency surgery was carried out and she was transferred to intensive care - and doctors say she will recover.
gaioz nigalidze was expelled from the Dubai open chess tournament. he was found using his smartphone in the middle of a match. the two-time champion could now face a 15-year ban from the game.
Gordon jack, 47, was taken to hospital when emergency services were called. he was taken to hospital shortly before 5pm yesterday, but died this afternoon. the father-of-three ran the Scotimage agency in Linlithgow, west lothian. he is survived by his wife Gilly and three children.
in its heyday, Kejonuma Leisure land, in tohoku, japan, attracted hundreds of thousands of visitors. the once-bustling family-friendly attraction closed its doors officially in 2000 following a drop in visitors. urban explorer Florian seidel, 38, visited the creepy location to document the extent of the site's ongoing dereliction.
the island of skopelos lies in the Sporades, east of the mainland. it is known as the film location for mamma mia!
billionaire tycoon Jim ratcliffe wants to build a 'climate-change proof' mansion on a site he owns overlooking the Solent. the mansion has a revolutionary jacking system which can lift itself up in the case of flooding. it will heat itself using the outside air even when air temperature is as low as -25c.
just four in 10 renters aged 20 to 45 are saving for a deposit to buy a home. three-quarters of renters fear they will never be able to afford to buy home. this rises to eight in 10 for Londoners, where house prices have risen.
the lowenbrau Keller has released a social media and bus campaign. it features the slogan 'wunderbra' underneath a photograph of a woman in a low-cut lederhosen holding a tray of beer steins. the same campaign also features an image of two women in a similar state of dress with the caption'make Mein A dubbel' campaign group Collective shout claim the advertisements reinforce sexist attitudes.
ex-convict and white supremacist pleads not guilty to string of charges. he is accused of killing one man and injuring five others in rampage. Giroux, 41, has convictions for burglary, theft and armed assault.
judge Dennis porter cleared 46-year-old officer dante servin of involuntary manslaughter in the shooting death of rekia boyd, 22. moments before he announced the verdict, he asked loved ones who might be prone to outbursts to leave the courtroom, fearing there would be an emotionally-charged response. the victim's brother Martinez sutton then screamed: 'you want me to be quiet? This m*****
Teresa sheldon, 38, has appeared in court charged with murdering son Tommy. she is also charged with attempted murder of another child who was in car. Tommy died two weeks after suffering horrendous burns in the fireball.
matheryn naovaratpong, from Thailand, was diagnosed with an aggressive form of cancer last year after she failed to wake up one morning. after being admitted to a Bangkok hospital, tests revealed she had an 11cm tumour in the left side of her brain. she died on January 8th this year after her parents switched off her life support machine. her family have now had her body cryogenically preserved - by one of the biggest providers of this service in the world.
filmmaker Kaylie milliken is currently working on a documentary about the company, which she says will reveal shady advertising practices at the company. milliken says she's already interviewed several small businesses who believe they've been targeted by the company for refusing to advertise on the site. the company has vigorously denied the claims.
a sheriff's department in florida has released a video showing spring break revelers milling about on a beach not 10 feet from where a 19-year-old girl was being gang raped. the clip came to light as deputies continued searching for two additional suspects in the march attack in Panama city beach. so far, authorities have arrested a pair of students from Alabama's Troy university who were allegedly seen in a cellphone video recorded last month sexually assaulting a
a worrying new trend dubbed the '#kyliejennerchallenge' is sweeping social media, encouraging teens to blow their lips up to epic proportions using bottles or shot glasses. participants place their mouth over the opening of a cup, jar or other narrow vessel and sucking in until the air vacuum causes their lips to swell up. the method works by way of the airlock created in the opening of the glass or jar, which increases blood flow to the lips and causes them to
four adults, three in victoria and one in nsw, have contracted hepatitis a after eating the 1kg packets of frozen mixed berries. the health department continues to investigate how 34 people in six states contracted the hepatitis A virus. patties foods said no hepatitis A virus or E.coli were detected in any sample of its recalled and non-recalled product during its own testing.
ten top doctors sent a letter to the dean of Columbia's medical school. they said he is a 'charlatan' who promotes 'quack treatments' the doctors accused him of pushing'miracle' weight-loss supplements.
security detachments were able to 'detonate a car bomb left at the american consulate building in the city that led to the killing and wounding of many of them' but the us state department said the bombing in Ainkawa, near Kurdish regional capital arbil, did not kill or wound any consular employees. the last major attack was a suicide car bombing near the governor's compound in arbil in November.
Riley filmer, 14, has been prevented from attending classes at her Melbourne high school because her shoes do not meet uniform guidelines. her mother, Anne Parker, has expressed her outrage over the 'ridiculous' situation. the school's policy states that girls are to wear 'black leather lace-up school shoes (not fashion heels)'
two-thirds of new fathers in the uk are now over 30. men are able to produce sperm throughout their lives. however, the quality declines and this could have implications for the next generation.
Phynova joint and muscle relief contains sigesbeckia, a traditional Chinese herb traditionally used to treat aches and pains caused by arthritis. sigesbeckia gives us another alternative to anti-inflammatory drugs which come with potential side-effects such as gastrointestinal bleeding.
moya and rone odendaal spotted the battle in the Kruger national park. after a few moments the buffalo managed to escape the lions' clutches. but it headed straight for the road before running into the side of their van.
farmer Daniel weness, of leroy, reported on Tuesday that a storage canister with vials of bull semen was taken from his unlocked barn. the vials of semen were worth from $300 to $1,500 apiece. the theft happened sometime between April 1 and 7.
mark gentle, from farmington, Maine, found his son sobbing because he thought that the scar from his fifth open-heart surgery - an emergency procedure to repair his pacemaker - was 'ugly' the father-of-three posted a snapshot of the boy's chest to his facebook account in the hopes of generating some wider support and, in turn, boost Carter's confidence. 'we told him that his scars are beautiful and make him look like a superhero. how many likes
an unnamed 30-year-old former marlborough school student filed the lawsuit against Joseph Koetters. the lawsuit alleges that when Koetters was in his early-to-mid 30s he took part in a yearlong sexual relationship with a 16-year-old student. the relationship allegedly began in the 2000-2001 school year. in the lawsuit, unnamed teachers and school officials are held responsible for not ending the relationship.
Sam Holtz, a 12-year-old sixth grader from lake Zurich, ill., beat out 11.5million entries to win the annual ESPN Tournament challenge on monday. this as he selected the blue devils to win the NCAA title game, which they did by overcoming the slightly favored Wisconsin badgers 68 - 63. for the grand prize of a $20,000 best buy gift card and an all-inclusive trip for two to the Maui Jim maui invitational
four of the five planes have been sold and the final one, a Hawker 800, will be gone by the end of next month. new chief executive Dave Lewis admitted the planes gave the wrong image and put them up for sale. just days ago, Tesco managed to sell its seven-year-old, Gulfstream 550, worth around £30million new.
driver, Sam Smith, begins filming with the tornado just a few hundred yards in front of him. he says: 'this is a tornado and I cannot tell which way it is going. so I don't know how to get away from it' luckily the tornado passes leaving Mr Smith unharmed and his truck intact.
the datai is a luxury hotel in the middle of a ten million-year-old rainforest. it was designed by australian architect Kerry hill around a white sandy crescent beach voted one of the ten most beautiful in the world.
governor of the bank of england spotted running in london's Hyde park. he was wearing a high-tech running belt with no fewer than four water bottles. he was also wearing headphones and top-of-the-range running shoes.
21-year-old supermodel was caught with the money in the VIP departure lounge of the Islamabad airport. she was charged with attempting to illegally transport more than the legal $10,000 cash limit out of the country on march 14. she has been in a Rawalpindi prison since and has been denied bail.
Gaston pinsard, 96, was jailed for 18 months for historic abuse. he claimed he was abused at a notorious Jersey children's home. the father-of-four first targeted his victims when they were just five-years-old.
fugitive squirmed as he admitted only ‘evaluating’ the files. he also acknowledged there had been a ‘f***-up’ when newspapers were handed the classified material. security chiefs have warned that secret techniques have made it easier for terrorists and organised criminals to avoid detection.
a number of gp surgeries in central london have been piloting seven-day opening. funding for the initiative was recently increased from £50 million to £100 million. weekend opening has been touted as one solution to the crisis in a&e. by improving access, many patients won’t need to take up other services.
officer michael slager, 33, is charged with murder after shooting 50-year-old Walter Scott in the back in north Charleston, south carolina, on saturday. on friday, his pregnant wife, who is eight-and-a-half months pregnant, and his mother, Karen, were allowed to visit him at the jail. his attorney Andy savage told CBS that when he met Slager on Wednesday for 60 minutes, that it took an hour and 45 minutes to move him to
former girls aloud star will appear in at least four episodes of coronation street. denise van outen will play max branning's new love interest, carin smart. stage actress and 70s child star Bonnie langford will play carmel Kazemi.
scientists at the shadow robot company spent 18 years developing hands. each is governed by 24 motors, 26 micro-controllers and 129 sensors. they can chop, stir, whisk and baste well enough to recreate almost anything you would care to eat, whether it is a simple home-cooked supper or an elaborate concoction. device will be sold from as early as 2017 as part of a purpose-built high-tech kitchen, priced at around £10,000 ($14,000)
the positions will be based at its redmond campus in washington. they will be run in partnership with specialisterne, a Danish nonprofit that helps train people with autism for careers in IT.
hitmen Christopher Annan, 24, and Tyrone Wright, 20, took part in a gun attack on gang member inan eren. the 35-year-old was shot three times in the arm, stomach and buttock. the attack was led by hitman Jamie Marsh-Smith, 23, a fearsome hired gun who had earned the nickname ‘Freddy’ after the nightmare on elm street killer.
mark lippert, 42, suffered deep gashes to his cheek and hand in knife attack. envoy required 80 stitches and two-and-a-half hours of surgery. brace was created by Seoul’s severance hospital and lippert marveled at how quickly they had constructed it.
Yulia Simonova, 52, wanted to hire a hitman to torture and kill her ex-boyfriend. she asked a friend to find someone willing to kill 15-year-old Damian vanya. but police set up a sting operation and sent an undercover officer. he posed as a hitman and filmed the exchange between the pair. the music teacher now faces 15 years in prison after being charged with attempted murder.
the 25-year-old cousin of princes william and harry was seen texting on her mobile as she navigated the concrete jungle on Thursday. the royal, who is currently working in new york, showcased her hipster style for the second day in a row. she wore a black bowler hat, black leather top and a black and cream miniskirt.
'you wouldn't get Herod to run a baby farm, would you?,' he wrote. tory mayor warned against allowing anti-union party to dominate government. Nicola sturgeon launches manifesto, vowing to 'lead the UK'
Lauren halliday and Steven smith feared they would have to get married in jeans. eighty guests fled the fire at the 119-bedroom hotel on friday. no one was hurt in the blaze at the Randolph hotel in the city.
kit Harington appeared on a late-night chat show to promote the series. he joked that Belfast is 'wonderful for two or three days' and emphasized he has spent five years filming in the city. tourism bosses said it has helped Belfast become one of the most popular city break destinations in the UK.
Laura's body started to shut down after she became obsessed with weight. would hide food down the side of her bed and lie to her mother about eating. would even try to have mashed potato with each meal so it looked like she'd ate more. was left on a heart machine after collapsing through starvation. has spoken out about pressures on teenagers to be a'size zero'
investigators say four children were playing in and around a parked minivan when one of them unintentionally set a fire inside. two of the children managed to escape unharmed and quickly requested help. the other two children became trapped and were found dead inside after the fire was put out. police say it appears the 6pm fire was unintentional and accidental.
secret service agents parked Hillary Clinton's campaign van in a handicapped spot in council Bluffs, Iowa on Thursday. the presidential nominee emerged from a cafe and greeted a handful of onlookers. the secret meeting was so secret that everyone in the room was told to hand over their cell phones and cameras before it began.
ambra battilana, 22, told police the 63-year-old father of five groped her. she said he asked if her breasts were real before touching them. the italian model refused to cooperate with authorities for four days.
sisonke msimang, 41, moved to australia with her husband and children in the last few months. she has spent years writing about and commenting on human rights, race relations and government accountability in south africa. 'the deepest and most abiding forms of racism' in australia are directed toward our own indigenous population, she said.
Nathan dailo uploaded a video to his youtube channel two weeks ago. it shows him gliding a piece of tissue paper over his son's face. by the 14th stroke baby seth has completely drifted off.
family of one suspect said they were told to stop their son communicating with the extremist recruiter, who groomed Melbourne terrorist numan Haider. search warrants obtained by police for the south-east Melbourne homes of sevdet besim, 18, eathan oswald almo cruse, 19, Ismail safi, 19, and mehran azim, 18, and another man who cannot be identified. police said the threat was 'fully contained'.
defence ministry said it was ready to supply equipment 'promptly' move likely to anger both the u.s. and Israel at time of heightened tensions. follows landmark deal on nuclear weapons between world powers.
the 20lb lamb was born after a three-hour labour at a farm near melton mowbray, Leicestershire. he is twice the weight of all his brothers and sisters born before him, all weighing the average of 8-10lbs.
the 'thunder lizard' has captured children's imaginations the world over. but for more than a century, scientists believed the creature never existed. researchers looked at 477 anatomical features across 81 individual dinosaurs. this allowed them to look at differences within each species, as well as between different species.
foreign correspondent Malcolm brabant, 59, had yellow fever vaccine in 2011. within 24 hours he was gripped by a fever so strong it took two weeks. he was gripped by a psychosis, believing he was a modern-day Messiah. spent two years in and out of mental institutions, unable to work.
Dzhokhar tsarnaev, 21, was convicted last week of planting. two homemade bombs at the crowded finish line of the world. famous marathon in 2013. the same jury that convicted tsarnaev will hear testimony on. whether he should be sentenced to death or life in prison for his crimes, starting next Tuesday. the sentencing phase of the trial is expected to take four weeks, followed by jury deliberations.
olaparib can delay the moment when the disease gets dangerously out of control. drug already works for women with cancer fuelled by BRCA gene mutations. up to 30 per cent of men with advanced prostate cancer have tumours with DNA defects and these respond particularly well to olaparib.
the fifth series of HBO's hit series, game of thrones, is set to return. travel referral service zicasso is offering a luxury tour of southern spain. most of the series has been filmed in southern andalusia.
images show David Cameron and his deputy superimposed over two men. scottish leader Nicola sturgeon poses with sceptical face in one image. labour leader superimposed over rapper plan b, issuing call to 'come at me bruv'
Jordan speith has a four shot lead going into the final round at augusta. the 21-year-old has set a scoring record for 54 holes of 16 under par. he is playing alongside British contender Justin rose in the showcase pairing.
corporation bosses fear they could be losing younger viewers to the internet. they are promoting digital services in a bid to compete with web services. revelation could spark controversy over future of the licence fee.
the monarch, 88, was spotted trotting through Windsor great park. joined by a groom on another of her Fell ponies, Carltonlima Emma. as is her wont, the queen eschewed a helmet in favour of a silk scarf.
Nicola sturgeon refused to rule out demanding a re-run in next five years. opponents claim she has 'broken a promise the size of Ben Nevis' in September's vote, 55 per cent of Scots backed the idea of remaining in the uk.
the former secretary of state claimed on Wednesday that all of her grandparents 'came over' from other countries, but in fact only one was born outside the us.'she traced her methodism back to the wesley brothers themselves,' she said in a speech last year.
Jeremy Clarkson was guest of honour at charity auction in the cotswolds. he said: 'in the olden days when I used to work for BBC, I couldn't say s*** - but I am not, so I will say s***' he also joked about 'trawling the job centre' for a hosting job.
Pierre fulton was in the passenger seat when officer michael slager pulled them over for a broken tail light. when Scott fled, fulton and another officer stood by the Mercedes. they watched in shock as slager chased him into a park and shot him. now, as slager faces murder charges and national scrutiny, fulton's attorney has released a statement.
Hodor is the brawny, simple-minded stableboy of the stark family in winterfell. his defining characteristic is that he only speaks a single word: 'hodor' but his real name is Walder, according to his great-grandmother.
Andrei soldatov accused the former spy of not being ‘transparent’. he said he was being ‘secretive’ about arrangements with the Russians. decision by Russian president was seen as a snub to president Obama.
caves are found near the Mutnovsky volcano, 45 miles (72km) south of the regional capital of Petropavlovsk-Kamchatsky. they are given their various colours by light refracting through the ice - with the thicker the ice, the more emerald they appear. photographer, from kamchatka, also decided to add his own take - by lighting flares and breathing fire to turn the normally blue hues into reds.
never-before-seen archive of 52 celluloid negatives sold for staggering £30,000 to an unnamed buyer. the archive shows the herd of ponies the team used to haul the equipment-laden sledges on the 800 mile trek. some of the pictures show the team of husky dogs used for part of the expedition as they proved to be Scott's downfall.
baby-faced boy from Memphis, tennessee, has more than 3,000 followers. tweets include: 'i need a bad b****', 'f*** da police', and 'gang sh** n****'
Ellie grant, 22, was appearing on this morning to discuss how she developed the condition - and how she had found love with fiance Jordan, who is deaf. but in the middle of the pre-recorded interview, she suddenly suffered a verbal tic - and blurted out'silver fox' at Phillip, 53. silver fox is the nickname of the father-of-two, who smiled, but looked bemused and slightly embarrassed at the remark.
the reality star wore an Alexander Mcqueen mesh dress to coachella. the exact dress is still up for grabs at nordstrom for $315.
the 51-year-old was accompanied by family members and a discreet security guard as he took in the 'campo de' fiori' in Rome. the market is one of the most popular tourist spots in the city.
the trip to the Durminskoye reserve in Khabarovsk lasts seven days in total. guests will spend time in the wild environs inhabited by the last remaining Siberian tigers. the safari does not actively track them as this risks guests coming face-to-face with the animals themselves.
Raymond Lee Fryberg Jr. was arraigned in Seattle on Thursday, nearly six months after his son Jaylen killed four students at Marysville Pilchuck high school. he had been the subject of a permanent domestic violence protection order that prohibited him from ever having firearms. he allegedly bought a Beretta pistol from a gun shop and answered 'no' on the federal firearms purchasing form when asked if he was the subject of a restraining order.
Jesse Norman allegedly gave out cake while campaigning for re-election. west mercia police said it was investigating reports of a breach of the Representation of the people act 1983. legislation bans candidates from providing food, drink or entertainment in a bid to win votes.
students at Wellington college, in berkshire, spent last year studying different book. only came to light when mock papers arrived with no exam questions. pupils will now have to cram their studying into just a few weeks.
the nation's largest lesbian political action committee launched lesbians4hillary on monday to support the former first lady's bid to become the nation's first female president. the group, co-chaired by pioneering tennis great billie Jean king, said: 'Hillary Clinton is a proven leader and she has a strong track record when it comes to inclusion -- specifically for women and the LGBTQ community'
two prototypes of the CYG-11 seaplane were tested this week. aircraft uses reduced drag and increased lift from wing-in-ground effect. it can fly 62 miles (100 km) on 28 litres of fuel and has a maximum range of 930 miles (1,500 km) company behind the project claims to have just finished building a larger version of the aircraft capable of carrying 40 people.
Trevor Noah was spotted taking in a baseball game in new york on Monday along with Jerry seinfeld, Larry David and broadway star Matthew broadrick. the quartet were all present at Citi field in queens to watch the game between the new york mets and the Philadelphia Phillies during opening day. earlier Noah and seinfeld had been photographed filming a segment for seinfeld's acclaimed Comedians in cars Getting Coffee online series.
Sean Heslop, 47, was arrested on suspicion of abusing his position. he has been suspended as executive principal of two schools in Kent. a family member claimed he was 'happiest he's ever been' as he was looking forward to becoming a father this summer. the woman, who cannot be named for legal reasons, became pregnant at the end of last year after leaving school and starting at a london university.
Freddie gray, 25, suffered a fatal spinal-cord injury under mysterious circumstances after he was handcuffed and put in the back of a police van. the 25-year-old died Sunday after he 'had his spine 80 percent severed at his neck' during an arrest in Baltimore last Sunday. the justice department said tuesday it has opened a civil rights investigation into the death. but the developments were cold comfort to hundreds of residents who on Tuesday evening took to the streets of west Baltimore to
Asif malik, 31, his partner Sara Kiran, 29, and their four young children were all caught on camera on a ferry. they left their home in Slough, Berkshire, without mentioning any holiday or travel plans to family members, it is claimed. police have warned that the family, who were last seen in Slough on April 7, may be heading to Syria. malik was a member of the banned group al-muhajiroun and a 'champion for sharia'
Cheryl heineman, 45, a third-grade teacher from florida, has been charged with multiple counts of sale and delivery of narcotics. she was arrested Wednesday at central avenue elementary school in kissimmee on multiple counts of sale and delivery of narcotics. the woman's suspected accomplice and lover, 20-year-old Jack Lindsey, is facing the same charges. investigators believe that heineman, who is married and has three sons,
Lenny mordarski, 68, was viciously poked with the blue ballpoint. he was snoring on a flight from Chicago to new hampshire. described the attack to 'being stung by bees... owww!' the woman was removed from the flight following the air rage incident.
lookalikes include actresses lizhurley, 49, and jacqueline bissett, 70. there's also model david gandy, 35, and soap star dean gaffney, 37.
former president says he has lost natural flair for political campaigning. believes he should take a more backstage role should his wife decide to run. added that becoming a grandparent has tamed his angry side. 'i've told Hillary that I don't think I'm good at campaigning anymore'
208ft (63 metre) tall rocket thundered off from florida at 4.10 p.m. it was programmed, following separation 2.5 minutes after liftoff, to flip around and fly to the platform dubbed 'just read the instructions' in the Atlantic ocean. despite being destroyed, the booster's flyback marks another step in the company's quest to develop rockets that can be refurbished and reflown.
children at horace Mitchell primary school in kittery point, Maine, were read a book about a boy who finds a doctor that tells the family the boy is a transgender. some parents are unhappy with the school after they say their children came home with questions about gender and wondering if they too might be transgender. one unnamed mom was so angry she contacted conservative pundit Sean Hannity after she felt that the school ignored her initial complaint.
the five women were arrested the weekend before international women's day. they were preparing to hand out leaflets about sexual harassment on public transport. they now face being jailed for up to five years if they are charged. their families have issued a plea to authorities for their release.
the once feared Bab al-aziziya compound in the capital of tripoli has been reduced to rubble. the compound was hit by a 1986 us air strike before being pounded by NATO four years ago.
three studies have provided different theories for what happened after Earth was struck by a Mars-sized object called theia, 4.45 billion years ago. what is agreed on, though, is that the impact actually happened. this is known as the giant impact hypothesis. but what is not agreed on, though, is that the moon was formed from a cloud of debris that mixed thoroughly with the Earth. this could explain why the moon and Earth are so similar in composition.
more than a million households lost out when the coalition announced that families with one parent earning £50,000 would pay tax on child benefit. controversial measure brought in two and a half years ago as part of the government’s austerity programme. criticised for penalising single-earner families and stay-at-home mothers.
pre-med student Lizzie cochran has launched a kickstarter campaign to fund her upcoming fashion line epidemia designs. she came up with the idea after studying biology under a microscope and spotting an article on epidemics that displayed images of deadly diseases from recent history. the designs in the line include scarves printed with rabies and chicken pox patterns, a flu of 1918 tote bag and yoga pants depicting polio, muscle cells and rabies.
at least six men were arrested in california and minnesota on Sunday after a joint terrorism task force investigation into youths traveling to join ISIS. a spokesman for the us attorney's office said the arrests were made in Minneapolis and san diego but there is no threat to public safety. at least three men who were arrested in the Twin Cities were already known to authorities, according to reports. they were stopped from boarding a plane to Istanbul with Hamza Ahmed
US ambassador to polish forced to apologise for comments made by james comey. he claimed that polish people played a role in the genocide of six million. the piece sparked outrage among polish politicians and media. polish president said comments showed 'lack of historical knowledge'
JCNO, the brand responsible for the huge wideleg 'rave' jeans, is set to make a comeback. it has horrified many of the people who wore the ridiculous pants the first time around. it has us contemplating the retro fashion Nineties and Noughties trends that really should be left in the past.
bereaved parents say their suffering is being dragged out to rebut findings. sources close to inquiry say 'nobody thinks it will come out this year' further delays will fuel speculation critics are trying to bury damning revelations.
threat against flight 826 from cologne bonn to Milan's malpensa airport received. tower in cologne immediately alerted the pilot of the airbus a320. threat was emailed to the airport 15 minutes before the plane's scheduled departure. instead of taking off the pilot steered the plane to a different part of the airport.
wildfires in siberia have been raging since march 19, with the death toll this week climbing to 30 and leaving 500 injured. dashcam footage has emerged of cars enveloped by a raging wildfire on a road in eastern siberia. footage shows cars turning around in the road and turning back in a desperate bid to escape the inferno.
Kenneth Morgan Stancil, 20, is accused of killing 44-year-old Ron lane, a print shop director at a gay community college in north carolina. he said the motorcycle he used to get away broke down and he walked 30 miles before a woman gave him a ride, according to a police report. the woman didn't know he was armed with a knife and had almost $500, the report by Volusia county beach safety officers said. he
the six are accused of conspiracy to provide material support and attempting to provide material support to a foreign terrorist organization. the men were arrested Sunday in Minneapolis and san diego and are scheduled to make initial appearances in federal court on monday. they are the latest people from Minnesota to be charged in an investigation stretching back months into the recruitment of westerners by is.
Lorna McCarthy feared for her life in the hours leading up to her death. her husband, 51, stabbed her 13 times in the heart at their home in september. he had previously found out his wife was using dating websites. but she had agreed to take her profile down after he confronted her. he handed himself into police, telling them he had killed his wife. he will be sentenced on may 1, after being found guilty of murder.
a ground-breaking television documentary follows three children and their families. they are the first children in the world to go through a pioneering treatment called immunotherapy. it involves powerful drugs being given to kill off all a patient’s cancer cells.
Douglas mark Hughes, 61, created a security scare when he violated national airspace and has prompted a full-scale security review in washington. he flew through restricted airspace carrying 535 letters, one for each member of congress, and landed on the west lawn of the capitol. he said: 'we've got bigger problems in this country than worrying about whether the security around DC is ironclad'
four tourists caught a bronzer shark in new zealand. they dragged the thrashing creature in to shore and posed for photos. the activity is completely legal in new zealand.
lix bussey, 23, was hit by a car as she made her way back from a night out. hours earlier she had texted her sister to say she was having 'best time ever' she was a teacher at bowburn infants school, county Durham. her family said she was devoted to the education of the children she taught.
fashion designer Coleen, 28, and singer Nadine, 29, have joined forces with cancer research's race for life. the ladies have also lent their faces to the ad campaign for the drive. the race raises money that goes towards research into over 200 types of cancer.
the agreement was announced on Tuesday by a judge in an Orlando, florida courtroom at the start of a hearing that had been scheduled to determine whether their marriage should be voided. that bigamy hearing was put on hold with the annulment announcement. besides bigamy allegations, there were mutual allegations of battery, accusations by Lolita Grayson of financial abandonment by the congressman and a trial delay caused by Lolita Grayson's leaking breast implants.
more than 25million live in constituencies where result can be predicted. 650 seats up for grabs on may 7, with labour and the tories needing more than half to secure a majority. Electoral reform society claims result in 364 seats can be called now. of 303 tory seats, 186 are considered safe while 151 of labour’s 257 constituencies are not expected to change hands.
prevention of terrorism act enables authorities to detain suspected terrorists for two years without charge or trial. but it also allows for authorities to apply for unlimited extensions after those two years expire. authorities have expressed increasing alarm in wake of ISIS' bloody jihad in Syria. police said in January they had arrested a total of 120 people with suspected links or sympathies to the terror group.
three customers can call and text UK numbers and use data in some countries at no extra cost to their UK price plans. it is the only operator to offer this arrangement, which it calls feel at home. feel at home covers 18 destinations in Europe, the united states, australia, the middle east, asia and the middle east.
more than 31 million people are in work after an increase of more than half a million. number is up from 29million in spring 2010, before coalition went into coalition. but the jobless total fell by 76,000 to 1.84 million in the quarter to february.
babies born on the same day as royal baby will be eligible for commemorative gift. royal mint will mark birth in same way it commemorated arrival of prince george. silver coin will be minted with one penny's Royal Shield design and effigy of the queen. parents of newborns who share a birthday with new prince or princess will have to register the birth of their child on royal mint's facebook page.
the photo shows a young tiger cub in the hands of a freelance rebel fighter, known as Ahmed Shaheed. the extravagant purchase was met with surprise by one of his fellow fighters, abou Shaheed al-muhajir. news comes just a month after the 28-year-old revealed on social media that he was looking to buy an exotic pet to keep him company.
Sam pearce, 24, of Milton, massachusetts, was discovered on the subway by another model. he signed a contract with RED NYC and started posing for designer lookbooks and walking in fashion shows in london and milan. besides teaching, he also speaks french, spanish, and italian and composes his own music.
Google claims the latest update to its android handsets can understand handwriting in 82 languages in 20 distinct scripts. works with both printed and cursive writing input with or without a stylus.
more than 6000 people attended'midnight mafia' at the Sydney showground. a 22-year-old marrickville man was arrested in possession of 441 MDMA tablets. a 23-year-old peakhurst man was also taken into custody. he was allegedly located with 124 MDMA tablets and a wad of cash. a 25-year-old allambie heights man was similarly charged after he was allegedly found with over $2500 cash
Arthur and mo Kreitenberg have created a robot, called the Germfalcon. it uses ultra violet light to kill bacteria throughout the cabin on planes. tray tables, seats and blankets are the worst offenders on board. germs such as E.coli and MRSA can linger for up to a week on surfaces.
suspected paedophile signed a letter saying he wanted to remain a peer. came just a week before he was ruled unfit to face child sex charges. cps has faced widespread criticism since announcing the decision. but now it has emerged the peer was apparently well enough to sign his name.
mailonline travel spoke to a number of experts to debunk some of the myths that exist and answer some of travellers’ frequently asked questions about planes. starting a plane is 'a little more complicated' than starting a car. pilots do not eat the same reheated chicken or pasta dishes that are served to passengers in economy.
experts believe the Molalla log cabin was built as early as 1795 - a decade before Lewis and Clark reached the Pacific ocean. the 18-foot-wide cabin could have been a home for a small group of 10 to 50 Russian settlers sent to the willamette valley as farmers to feed fur traders in Alaska. the logs are tightly interwoven, secured without nails and leaving no gaps to fill, similar to Russian log cabins of the same time period.
ex-marine praised for'restraint and maturity' after refusing to use deadly force against armed double murder suspect. officer had been warned by dispatchers that suspect might try'suicide by cop' at one point suspect said: 'Shoot me or I'll shoot you' but former marine said: 'he got towards my face right as I lost balance'
sour cherries have been found to contain high levels of antioxidants. as a result the benefits include anti-inflammation, boosted sleep. cranberries have been used for years as an aid against urinary tract infections. they could also have a wide range of other benefits.
nearly all family doctors polled said they do not think their own practice should open on weekends. nearly two-thirds are not even willing to consider forming groups with other surgeries to ensure at least one in an area is open on Saturdays and Sundays.
internals reveal firm used more of its own chips to power the new Galaxy S6 than it did for the predecessor S5, according to an early teardown report. the findings suggest a deeper loss of business for chip supplier Qualcomm in the new generation of Samsung's flagship handsets.
previously unseen documents used to plan dropping of atomic bomb on japan. include flightplan, eyewitness account of bombing and log books. documents compiled by captain Robert Lewis, co-pilot of bomber. auctioneer says he will 'never quite get those few minutes out of my mind'
Sharon winters, 39, was stabbed in the liver, spleen, lungs and heart. her brother Stephen Robinson, 44, said:'she was a lonely heart just wanting love. that animal preyed on her caring nature.' he said the attack was triggered by a row over what to watch on the tv.
the former new england patriots star was sentenced to life in prison without parole for the 2013 murder of Odin Lloyd. he was taken to the maximum security souza-baranowski correctional center near Shirley, massachusetts, on wednesday. he is now being held separately from other prisoners and is on suicide watch. sources say he was hooked on 'angel dust', a drug known to cause users to experience violent outbursts and paranoi
the two-storey brick hospital outpatient building in central china is being rolled every day on 1,000 metal 'wheels' engineers aim to 'push' the entire structure south by 17.5 metres to its new, designated spot, away from the demolition zone.
Nicholas dematteis, 39, flew into rage while at restaurant Bocca east. demanded free meal around 4pm after waiting an hour and a half. police said he spewed homophobic slur at the 34-year-old manager. he then allegedly grabbed his neck and slammed him against a bar. Dematteis was arrested and charged with assault following the incident.
reigning box office champion took an estimated $29.1 million over the weekend. this brings the fast car sequel's domestic total to a staggering $294 million. on friday, furious 7 joined the $1 billion club at the worldwide box office. it is now one of the ten highest grossing movies of all time worldwide.
Jennifer pagonis has androgen insensitivity syndrome (AIS), a very rare disorder which prevents a womb from growing and causes testes to grow in the abdomen. the 29-year-old from chicago was born with an enlarged clitoris, no uterus and a partial vagina that surgeons later extended so as an adult she might have normal sexual intercourse. however, she learned as a teenager that this was 'almost impossible'.
Sophia Adams, 21, beat 1,000 hopefuls to win'star in a bra' competition. won modelling contract with plus-size agency, bridge models. will star in spring/summer 2016 catalogue shot in the Mediterranean.
#SnackHolidays promotion ends on April 21. customers who buy one of the products will find a voucher code. they can be redeemed online for a discounted flight to one of three destinations.
Ukip leader said it was a ‘reasonable proposition’ to charge people who end up in hospital more than once after drinking. also revealed he is finding the election campaign ‘knackering’. polls suggest support for the party is on the slide.
researchers from the university of Maryland found that flour made from peanut kernel significantly stimulated the growth of friendly bacteria. by increasing the amount of good bacteria, the peanut flour was able to reduce the amount of a dangerous bacterium, enterohaemorrhagic E.coli.
a series of images capturing the late actor on set for the last time have been released in conjunction with today’s release of fall of an empire: the story of Katherine of Alexandria. in the pictures O’Toole can be seen laughing and joking with fellow cast members despite suffering from a long-term illness that would prove fatal. director Michael redwood said despite his being poorly at the time of filming, he remained full-on 10 hours a day.
the woman, who calls herself Zhu Diandian online, has raised her beloved five flowers since it was a piglet. the porker has now grown to a whopping 187lbs (13st) but that has nothing to weaken the bond between the two. her husband is understood to be 'tolerant' of the relationship.
as summer approaches, retailers are unveiling quirky products designed to make your life easier this season. from unbreakable sunglasses to foldable wellies, we've rounded up the eight products you should be packing.
certain types of music can bring out specific flavours in food and drink. intensity of Luciano Pavarotti's Nessun Dorma is said to be perfect accompaniment to dark mouse or coffee. billie holiday's autumn in new york can help emphasise the autumnal flavour of a pumpkin pudding.
executive producer Brian true-may described the show as the 'last bastion of englishness' because it had no black or Asian characters. he was suspended as a result of his comments and later quit. this is the first significant role for an ethnic minority actor.
savvy social media users have taken to Snapchat to share their rainy day adventures. from a boat parked between two cars by someone who 'knew what was coming' to a man windsurfing down the street. Snapchat's Sydney story also shows the soaking conditions endured by the Cronulla Sharks and south Sydney rabbittohs.
Sabrina rubin Erdely wrote 'arape on campus' about a university of virginia student named Jackie who claimed to have been gang raped by seven men at campus fraternity Phi Kappa psi two years ago. but a recent investigation by the Charlottesville police found no evidence to support her story- including the fact that the man who brought her to the fraternity the night of the alleged assault doesn't seem to exist. the Columbia Journalism school
Joseph O'Riordan, 73, was sitting on polegate town council in east sussex. he grew suspicious his wife, 47, was having an alleged affair. he hired a private investigator to follow her and they agreed to stay together. but he later attacked her - stabbing her in the chest, torso, arms and back.
police evicted a 65-year-old hoarder and her mother's mummified corpse from a home in the Richmond area of san francisco last week. the property was teeming with black widows, rats, feces and 300 bottles of urine when it was discovered on April 4. realtors have priced the 1904 Victorian build in the bay area at a cool $2.5 million. the remains are believed to be that of Anna Ragin who lived
noor Ellis admitted a role in the killing of her husband, businessman Robert Ellis, at their home in Bali last October. his body, with wrists and feet bound, was found wrapped in plastic, dumped in a ditch in a rice field near sedang village. she told a court on Wednesday that her husband died 'because of the order from me' the couple's two maids and the boyfriend of one of the maids are already in custody.
Colby was born with a small, heart-shaped growth over his eyelid. but it quickly developed into a large benign tumour that continued to expand. his parents claim NHS doctors were unable to treat the growth or offer surgery, leaving them no option but to beg for help abroad. this week, 17-month-old colby had tumour removed free-of-charge.
US researchers discovered that a single gene called. TcSAD1 is responsible for the melting point of cocoa butter. plant geneticists say their finding could also lead to new varieties of climate change-resistant cocoa plants, which could boost yields. each cocoa pod has 40 seeds, which are composed of cocoa butter and used in the making of chocolate – and some drugs.
Jenny-lee, 28, was diagnosed with leukaemia seven months into her pregnancy. doctors told her she could give birth via a caesarean section and undergo chemotherapy. but she refused both options as they required a blood transfusion. her baby died in utero three days after she was offered a caesarean.
an Egyptian goose that lived for at least a week with an arrow piercing its neck as it evaded capture by animal control workers in southern california died after it was wrangled and taken to surgery. the goose at first appeared to make it successfully through the operation at a bird and wildlife clinic Wednesday but then died a short time later. the cause of the birds injuries are unknown but officials believe it was the victim of animal cruelty.
92% of 13 to 17-year-olds admit to going online every day. more than 70% of teens use more than one social network. facebook remains the most used social media site among teens.
David serbeck, 42, was paralyzed in a neighborhood watch shooting in 2009. he was found guilty of three felony counts of unlawful sex with a minor and sentenced to up to 10 years in prison. his 17-year-old victim testified during the trial that she was 17 when she and serbeck had sex three times in his Magna home in 2007.
Luke Munro, 19, and Dylon Thompson, 21, raided a corner shop in blackpool. they waved a'realistic looking' handgun in the faces of the owner and his wife. but the brave parents refused to hand over cash, and threw sweets at them. police said the family had been left 'in fear of their lives' during the raid.
migrants arriving in the uk will be banned from receiving handouts from the welfare state for four years. unemployed migrants will be deported if they do not get a job within six months of arriving. for those in work, they will be barred from claiming handouts like housing benefit or tax credits until they have been in the uk for four years. there will also be a ban on 'exporting' child benefit for children living in other EU countries.
the tyranny of the nine-to-five is about money (of course), but also about moral worth: we work because we know we should 'pull our weight' in society's tug-of-war.
the package was intercepted by a police dog in Tulsa county, oklahoma. when cops sliced open the bunny they found two condoms. the pound of meth has a street value of around $30,000. the intended recipient, Carolyn Ross, has been arrested.
Kenneth Stancil, 20, is a former student who did not graduate from Wayne Community college in goldsboro, north carolina. he allegedly walked into the building at 8am carrying a long-barreled gun, went up to the third floor, and fired one shot. the bullet killed long-time employee rodney Lane who worked in the college print shop. it is not known whether Stancil and Lane are connected or related.
tola ore, 32, fitted a high-tech device to her desktop computer. it allowed fraudsters to take control of the workstation from outside. gang attempted to deposit £1,274,000 into 12 different bank accounts. another member of staff spotted the suspicious transaction before the full amount could be transferred so the bank's losses stopped at £147,678.
american pie's lyrics have been an enigma wrapped in an eight-and-a-half minute long rock 'n' roll puzzle for more than 40 years. they have been deciphered by code-breaking rock nerds and considered to be poetic reflections on mid-20th century u.s. social history. this week its lyrics, hand-written in 1971 by a young folk singer called don McLean, were sold at auction in new york for more than $1 million.
Chester, a 6-year-old pit bull mix, was found as a stray and had been living in shelters for the past five years. the shelter posted a picture of him with a sign around his neck that was shared more than 6,000 times on social media. 'why doesn't anybody want me? I've been waiting 5 years. everyone at the shelter tells me what a good boy I am. so why has no one adopted me?' asked Chester.
Andrew Anderson, 43, was accused of forcing social worker Julie McGoldrick to the floor, injuring her wrist. he'strategised' his shopping and grabbed a TV near the bottom of a pallet in Manchester, only for Mrs McGoldrick, 53, to grab the same one at the same time. but a judge has now cleared him of any wrongdoing, saying it was not certain that he 'went on not caring whether she was hurt or not'
ink illustration appears to show the Jedi knight Yoda on a religious document. but in fact, the drawing is part of a bizarre representation of the Biblical story of Samson, one expert claims. it comes from a 14th century manuscript known as the Smithfield Decretals. manuscript was painstakingly written and illustrated in france between 1300 and 1340.
two-inch-long Asian hornets pose a terrible danger to honeybees. they pick off bees as they leave their hive until colony is exhausted. hornet is thought to have travelled to france on some Chinese pot plants.
the 35-year-old IT entrepreneur is australia’s equal richest self-made billionaire under 40. he co-founded software company Atlassian 12 years ago in an apartment above a sex shop. he and business partner Scott farquhar are now joint CEOs and equal partners to the company, which is worth a reported $3.5 billion. he is reportedly the mystery buyer who spent $12 million to make a stunning 1918 centennial park mansion their home.
the craft was supposed to be capturing footage of the zoo's chimp enclosure. but the chimp managed to knock it out of the sky and crash to the ground. following the attack, the drone crashes to the ground - only for the chimp to pounce.
Atlanta Hawks star Thabo sefolosha was wrestled to the ground by six cops. video also shows his teammate pero anti being led away from scene in handcuffs. both were arrested for trying to prevent police from setting up a crime scene. they were charged with obstructing governmental administration.
former commander of the metropolitan police's elite flying squad has claimed the major power outage and the proximity of the heist was far more than a coincidence. he said the gang must have had some inside help to succeed with such a complicated and ambitious crime. the fire started last Wednesday and took more than 24 hours to put out.
the FAA granted amazon's request to test its new delivery drones outdoors. it comes less than a month after the company blasted regulators for being slow to approve commercial drone testing. the agency had earlier given the green light to an amazon prototype drone in march. but the company told lawmakers less than a week later that the prototype had already become obsolete while it waited more than six months for the agency's permission.
clip was filmed on Saturday in shortandy village, 40 miles north of Astana. captures cloud hovering in sky for 15 minutes before suddenly vanishing. video has been viewed more than 50,000 times since being uploaded to YouTube.
more than 20,000 children passed ten or more with either an A or an A* grade. critics say not enough has been done to stop qualifications becoming too easy. in 2009, number of students who managed to get straight As was 15,791. this rose to 16,983 in 2010, 18,468 in 2011 and 18,829 in 2012. in 2013, the latest year for which figures are available, 20,307 received As.
dustin south died in a field behind lassiter middle school in the southern part of the city. a neighbor saw south walking around the field while waving a gun in the air. two bullets fired by police struck south, but neither was lethal. this is the second fatal shoot involving officers in less than a year.
footage shows the moment an 'apocalyptic' weather storm struck. storm was caused by a cold front moving in from the Ukrainian-belorusian border. it caused chaos on city streets and forced 100,000 residents to stay indoors.
the Pacific coast highway (aka route 1) runs from san francisco to los angeles. it's about 350 miles as the crow flies between san francisco and los angeles. it takes three weeks to drive the 500-mile route from san francisco to los angeles.
Sara martin, 37, was diagnosed with aggressive, inoperable brain cancer in 2010. mother-of-three, from lititz, pennsylvania, has three children with husband. but her health deteriorated rapidly this winter and she no longer spoke. but one day recently, she uttered word 'Florida' and family is taking her there today. they are taking her to south-west coastal city of Sarasota, florida.
girl named locally as leah price from the Nottingham area. airlifted to hospital from blue dolphin camping site near filey. it is believed she lost her footing on the cliffs.
Fred Hatch, 76, was battered to death with a claw hammer by 73-year-old. his wife, 70-year-old enid, ran out to help what she thought was an injured man. but she found blood splattered walls where her husband had been brutally beaten. crazed neighbour, Alan Rogers, sentenced to a hospital order.
James Koryor, 41, has been arrested on suspicion of manslaughter and child abuse. police say he took his two sons to get haircuts but instead went to a liquor store and bought a bottle of gin. he then drove around drinking with the boys in the car, before going home and falling asleep, police say. it wasn't until the boy's mother found him some time later, police say. the boy was pronounced dead at a local hospital.
two-year-old grey tabby escaped from crate after flight from uae to nyc. crate was damaged so badly that he was able to get out and run away. cat was found at new york's jfk airport after being on the loose for two weeks.
madonna french kissed the 28-year-old singer at Coachella on sunday night. the mother-of-four didn't see his expression after the makeout session. sources told TMz that it was merely her lipstick that turned him off.
eye-spots on butterfly wings mimic the eyes of larger and more threatening species, like owls. scientists have long suspected the role played by eye spots found on the wings of many butterflies were an example of mimicry. but a new piece of research by biologists at. Jyväskylä university in Finland claims to have settled the debate.
the former Olympian and reality tv star, 65, will speak in a 'far-ranging' interview with sawyer for a special edition of '20/20' on friday, april 24. the interview comes amid growing speculation about the father-of-six's transition to a woman. it follows closely behind his involvement in a deadly car crash in california in february.
Claudia martins, 33, gave birth alone at her sister's flat in knowle, bristol. paramedics were called after she was found in the bath with 'a lot of blood' she then wrapped the baby girl in towels and a plastic bag. hid the body in a suitcase - where it lay undiscovered for three days. martins was acquitted of murder but convicted of manslaughter.
michael rogan, 42, was rushing his wife, Niki, to hospital for the birth of their eighth child, with all seven children in the car. a deer hit by another vehicle flew through the windshield of the van he was driving. he was pronounced dead at the hospital. his wife and children, aged two to 15, suffered minor injuries. friends set up a gofundme account to help the family out with the goal of covering funeral expenses. within three days almost $1
Moose toys HQ in melbourne has a cubby house meeting room at the top of a beanstalk. the company also has a table tennis table, aerobics room, gym and a custom staff lunch room. the company believes the best ideas don't always come from sitting in front of a computer.
the ad, titled love is on, was created by agency George patts y&r. it's part of a major rebrand for cosmetics giant revlon. new global tag line, love is on, is the label's first major relaunch.
researchers have isolated bacterial DNA of several strains of the disease from the bodies of mummies found in the crypt of a church in the city of Vác in Hungary. they traced 14 different strains of TB bacteria that had infected eight of the bodies in the tomb back to a single source. they say the strains of TB they found all evolved from a single germ that had begun infecting people during the late Roman period.
conrad cliitheroe, 54, and Gary cooper, 45, were arrested at fujairah airport. they were stopped by police for writing down aircraft registration numbers. despite being told they would not be detained, they were thrown in jail. they have now been told they will be freed and charges of espionage dropped.
a non-taxpayer subsidised treatment for hodgkin's disease - Brentuximab vedotin - is keeping leukaemia patient Chris brugger alive. the 35-year-old, father-of-two from Griffith says the treatment has improved his condition dramatically. his'my name is Chris' campaign and website was created to help raise the money needed for his treatment. 'without the campaign, we simply would not be able to afford to access Brent
police say a gunshot rang out and then a man was found dead with an apparent self-inflicted wound near the buffet at the M resort spa and casino in Henderson, nevada. one adult who heard the gunshot and fell while running away was taken to the hospital with minor injuries. a car fire was reported at the same time in the parking garage, and police are investigating if the two incidents are related.
CBS political analyst John Dickerson has been announced as the new host of face the nation. he will take over from veteran broadcaster Bob Schieffer, who announced his retirement last week. Schieffer, 78, has worked for CBS since 1969.
beverley Davis, 35, was supposed to be helping to care for 89-year-old Ray Warren. she tricked him into handing over his bank cards to steal £9,164 over 42 transactions. her actions left him so devastated he lay in bed at night worrying about money. he died just five months after her crime was discovered by his daughter.
a new zealand couple have transformed a huge truck into a castle-home. the Siezen family's house appears to be nothing more than an oversized and strangely shaped truck. but when it is unfolded, the vehicle transforms into a majestic and cosy home for Justin, Jola and their baby son Piko. inside, a huge kitchen takes priority in the space with a full size oven for baking.
Nicola sturgeon said she would work with left-wing backbenchers to ensure a labour minority government did not pursue austerity. she also pledged to form alliances with minor parties such as the greens and plaid cymru. comments came after a shock survey found that 52 per cent of voters north of the border supported Nicola sturgeon's nationalists.
Nicola sturgeon said she would try to 'lock' david cameron out of downing street. said offer stood'regardless of who is the biggest party' in the house of commons. comes amid fallout from claims she told french diplomat she wanted david cameron to remain as prime minister.
abby swinfield, 18, was rushed to hospital in the early hours of march 30. she was partying with friends when she was rushed to good hope hospital. police are still waiting for the result of the post-mortem examination. it is believed the teenager took the illegal class b drug mephedrone. her cousin claims she didn't take the drug voluntarily, saying drink was spiked.
the 70-year-old said evidence suggested women were of average intelligence. he said men were either'very, very bright or very thick', but denied he is sexist. starkey also hit out at baroness doreen Lawrence for 'treating blacks as victims' claims fears of Islamophobia were victimising Muslims, making them 'privileged'
the couple met on the set of nowhere boy in 2009. friends of the couple call him Benjamin Button after Brad Pitt's character in the 2008 film The Curious Case of Benjamin Button, who ages in reverse.
the sum dwarfs payments for troops seriously wounded on the battlefield. soldiers who have lost both legs in combat are eligible for £570,000. another soldier has received £411,000 after being left with psychological problems caused by harassment at the hands of senior troops.
Brock guzman, 8, was last seen inside his parents silver 2001 Toyota corolla. police said a hapless car thief likely stole the vehicle after the boy's father left it running and briefly unattended in front of his home. but the car thief clearly didn't notice the boy curled up on the backseat fast asleep as he sped away with the vehicle. the boy was found safe and well about two miles away from his northern Californian home in the
the average cost of the big day hits £25,000. thrifty brides are on the hunt for ways to cut costs by snapping up invites and decorations on the high street. but would you buy your wedding dress from the likes of monsoon or Debenhams?
Georgina gosden, 25, allegedly punched a 21-year-old woman in the face. the incident took place at townsville's mad cow tavern on december 7 last year. she is said to have carried out a similar attack on a 25-year-old woman in the same nightclub last April. police are pursuing the charges against the former playboy model.
seven-car maglev hit 375mph (603 km/h) during a test run near mount fuji. it travelled for almost 11 seconds at speeds above 373mph (600km/h) run beat last week's speeds of 366mph (590kph) which beat the train's previous 12-year record of 361mph (581km/h) maglev trains use magnets to lift the carriages above the track. this eliminates the need for wheels and reduces friction, providing
toby the tortoise escaped from his owner's garden 11 months ago. he was picked up by a passing driver and taken to a rescue centre. six months ago, he was re-homed with a couple living in Margate, kent. but they could only make out the word'stokes' written in white paint.
the company is in talks with Florence and the machine to give apple limited streaming rights to a track from their album set to be released in June. apple has also approached Taylor Swift and others about partnerships. beats music will be re-launched in coming months.
pensions minister has urged people to take their time rather than make rash decisions. yesterday the biggest pension reforms in a century were launched. over-55s can cash in their pension pots rather than buy fixed income. but the government appealed for caution, perhaps fearing some people will quickly exhaust their funds and be forced to rely on the state.
Adam leheup, 34, had denied forcing himself on the 25-year-old. told the jury she 'freaked out' when he tried to comfort her. the pair had met hours earlier on a blind date on july 9, 2013. he was a technical co-ordinator on the £500m nine Elms point development. the self-confessed first date addict spent nearly a year on police bail.
end to 'abuse' of NHS money exposed by the mail will be a priority. Jeremy hunt promised a crackdown if his party is in power after the election. he said: 'off-payroll contracts are clearly being abused at a management level'
legendary french chef has been wining and dining a string of glamorous blondes. coterie includes a former flame, an artist, a hospitality manager and a former flame. he is'smitten' with former cloakroom attendant Nataliya Lutsyshyna.
endobronchial ultrasound (EBUS) allows doctors to see inside the lungs and take a tissue sample in one go. finger-width flexible tube allows doctors to assess instantly the type and severity of the cancer. EBUS patients wait an average of 14 days for a decision, compared with 29 days for those diagnosed via more conventional techniques. they survive for 503 days after diagnosis, compared with 312 days for people assessed through more traditional methods.
the 42-year-old tv presenter stars in the new airwick fragrance campaign. says that one of the easiest ways to perk up a home is with a home fragrance. airwick life scents range includes summer delights and lush hideaway.
Luca Railton was born with bones missing from his legs due to a rare condition bilateral tibial hemimelia. doctors said he would have to have his right leg amputated or fused straight. but his parents refused to accept these grim prospects and began fundraising. they managed to raise £135,000 to take their son to the us for surgery. he underwent a series of operations – including one to break his right leg and start lengthening his femur (thigh
middlesbrough beat wolverhampton 2-1 in the championship on tuesday night. the teessiders remain on course for a return to the top flight. blues loanee Patrick Bamford scored both goals for the trotters.
president's spokesman said a two-week break in congressional activity has meant 'that we have not been able to have as many face-to-face conversations as we would like' the white house said administration officials will hold classified briefings with Members of congress aimed at 'helping' them understand 'commitments Iran has made so far' a Senate panel is set to vote tomorrow on a bill that would give Congress a say on a potential deal aimed at keeping Tehran from developing a
Steven Nelms writes in the essay's introduction that he can't afford his wife to be a stay-at-home mother to their two-year-old son. 'on the contrary, I mean that I quite literally cannot afford my wife to be staying at home,' he writes.
anand iyer, 36, worked for fashion site threadflip in san francisco. but he 'felt terrible' about not spending time with his two-year-old daughter. he handed in his notice in January and is now a house-husband.
Nicola sturgeon has left her boxy jackets and severe suits in the past. she proved her new style credentials with a stunning appearance yesterday. 44-year-old looked particularly glamorous in a fuchsia column dress.
booed by voters at Westminster's Methodist central hall as he faced claims he blamed all of Britain's problems on migrants. pollster ICM today defended its process 'using random location selection techniques'
the 71-year-old explorer has become the oldest Briton to complete the marathon des sables in the desert. the veteran explorer has previously suffered two heart attacks and underwent a double heart bypass in 2003. there were fears he would not be able to finish the event after the 91km fourth stage in temperatures topping 50c.
18-year-old posted obnoxious message on Trowbridge police's facebook page. said: 'Oi yo check if there's a warrant for my arrest, if so good luck!!!' spotted by police who chased him on foot before finally grabbing him. was charged with theft and failed to answer bail on fraud charges.
woman, 87, caused disturbance on board flight from germany to canada. flight crew restrained her until plane was forced into unplanned landing. on touching down at Shannon airport, she was met by police and taken into custody.
Wendell Steiner, his wife, and their four children were stopped by police in Akron, ohio during their 300-mile journey from Nova, ohio to Pennsylvania. the dogs were wind-battered and huddled together in the cage when they were rescued, but had no injuries.
next has an impressive line in designer copies selling for a fraction of the price. it also does its own versions of high-end homeware that won't break the bank. one of its greatest strengths is identifying catwalk trends that will appeal to its target market.
the Great Dying, also known as the permian-triassic boundary extinction, took place 252 million years ago. during this time, a supercontinent called Pangaea covered the Earth. huge volumes of viscous basalt lava covered an area roughly seven times the size of france, and sulphur dioxide from these eruptions caused vinegar-like acid rain to cover the Earth. scientists claim the volcanic eruptions released huge amounts of carbon dioxide which were absorbed into the oceans
liz norden's adult sons, JP and Paul, each lost a leg in the bombings. they were hit by shrapnel and ball-bearings by the Tsarnaevs in 2013. the men, now in their mid-thirties, shielded friends from the second blast. mrs norden said it is 'way too soon' for a planned film by mark Wahlberg.
Hillary Clinton's security detail arrived at a suburban des moines, iowa fruit processing company on Tuesday with an added vehicle - a second Scooby. both armored vehicles have raised roofs, deep-tinted windows and new york license plates. the original van – nicknamed'scooby' after the. Scooby-Doo cartoon show – sports a mustard-yellow. new york tag, the second has blue and white plates of a
unusual transparency has been caused by surface ice melting. revealed the boat graveyard at the bottom of the great lake, before organisms like plankton conceal them once more. images were snapped during a routine helicopter patrol by the u.s. coast guard.
Julie McKenzie, 53, from bushey, herts, developed back pain in 2013. x-rays revealed her spine was slightly curved, a condition known as scoliosis. her radiographer spotted that her coccyx - the bone at the tail of the spine - was slightly enlarged. it contained a tumour.
Elizabeth scarborough, 21, started imitating the singer when she was 15 after classmates told her she looked like the star. she has learned to sing, dance, and act just like her lookalike.
a mother was horrified to find a dead gecko stuck to a £25 coat from asda. the four-inch-long reptile was squashed, its scales imprinted onto the fabric. asda apologised and offered the 49-year-old a refund and voucher.
the reverend Andrew dotchin, 58, was refused entry at the wine bar. he was told there were health and safety concerns, because a glass could fall. the well-known local character is popular with his parishioners.
widower Clem Schultz was miraculously reunited with his dog missy on Saturday after a deadly tornado hit Illinois on Thursday and killed his wife Geraldine. sadly, Schultz's beloved wife Geraldine died in the blast. after missy was spotted by a conEd worker, police called Schultz and reported the sighting. missy was so traumatized by the storm that she ran 2.5 miles from her family before they were able to catch up with her.
a total of 150 business leaders have signed the letter warning against a ‘change in course’. among the new signatories is Simon woodroffe, the founder of Yo! sushi. others also include executives from two FTSE-100 firms and 10 FTSE-250.
a woman allegedly steals a donation box from an rsl club in melbourne. she quickly grabs the box of ANZAC badges and money and covers it with her vest. the woman could be seen wandering her eyes around the room before walking away when a man strolls past with his blazer. the caulfield RSL general manager said he felt disgusted and disheartened after witnessing the incident on CCTV footage.
telesales call handler took hundreds of cans of nitrous oxide. was found dead in his bedroom at the family home in Kingsteignton, devon. coroner recorded a verdict of suicide at an inquest into his death. for confidential support call the samaritans on 08457 90 90 90, visit a local samaritans branch or click here for details.
anti-racism protester Jacob king had a face off with a neo-nazi at an anti-islam rally. he was snapped staring into the eyes of a bald man with a swastika tattooed behind his ear. 'i placed myself in between him and the anti-racism protesters. my arms were outstretched to keep people back,' he said.
attorney for 19-year-old Heather Mack has filed court documents for her client agreeing to turn over funds for the care of four-month-old Stella. the petition asks for around a half a million dollars to be transferred to Stella, who was born in Kerobakan prison and has urgent needs, including clothing and baby wipes.
sleepy squirrel gave a big yawn and flicked out his tongue in india. the cute moment was captured by 19-year-old student, Ranajit Roy. the palm squirrel is found naturally in india and Sri Lanka.
Sgt. George Hildebidle, who had been on the force since 2003 and was married with two children, barricaded himself inside his grand oaks home. police say the 911 call that came through around 7am was listed as a domestic dispute. hours later, just before 1pm, a decision was made to enter the home. Upon entering the house Hildebidle was found dead.
carwyn Scott-Howell got lost on the slopes and left the marked piste. he then walked through a treacherous wooded area, according to a source. he was holidaying in french resort of Flaine with his mother, brother and sister. police are still trying to piece together the tragic sequence of events. they believe the little boy was killed instantly in the fall on friday.
Domanik green, 14, allegedly hacked into teacher's laptop in holiday, florida. used administrator's password to alter desktop image to two men kissing. Pasco county sheriff's office claim he had access to personal files. but the youngster maintains it was an innocent prank.
Nicole McDonough, 32, of mount olive, new jersey, was arrested in december on suspicion of having sex with an 18-year-old student. an investigation revealed she also engaged in improper 'communication' and 'fraternization' with two other 18-year-old male students. if she is allowed to enter the pre-trial intervention program, she may have to undergo random urine testing, pay restitution, and submit to psychological, drug and alcohol evaluations. if
Oscar-winning actor, 63, had been diagnosed with Parkinson's disease. stuffed collection of watches into sock and took it to friend for safekeeping. spent final 24 hours frantically looking up drugs online, convinced he had another illness. tonight's episode of autopsy will reconstruct final hours of actor's life.
John Truong agreed to babysit 2-year-old Ronnie Tran on tuesday night. his sister, alyssa Chang, and the child's grandmother, 65-year-old vien nguyen, allegedly kidnapped the boy and his mother. they bound the mother with plastic ties and took them to a home in fife, washington. the boy's mother managed to escape and call police, who found the boy safe
the 37-year-old rapper penned an essay for paper magazine's american dream issue. less than a year after his wife Kim Kardashian posed nude for the magazine, he stars on the cover in a grey sweatshirt from his collection for adidas. he said that if there was an actual Illuminati, 'it would be more like the energy companies'.
Deborah steel, 37, was last seen alive just after 1am on 28 December 1997. police believe she was killed and recently reclassified the investigation. but the 37-year-old's body has never been found.
mass murderer to be moved to cushy priory unit, it has been claimed. families of victims of the Yorkshire ripper are furious about the move. a report is being compiled which will be heard at a prison tribunal.
myuran sukumaran and Andrew chan were arrested in 2005 for drug smuggling. they were sentenced to death on execution island - exactly a decade later. sukumaran's birthday is being marked in london where his cousin is holding an exhibition of his artwork at the amnesty international headquarters. his cousin, Niranjela Karunatilake, last visited her cousin on death row in february.
Honza and Claudine lafond, from Sydney, run a worldwide studio called yogabeyond. they do handstands and downward dogs against draw-dropping backgrounds, showing off their impressive physical prowess. in the mesmerising images, the pair do handstands and downward dogs against draw-dropping backgrounds.
Kim Roberts admitted stealing from Countess of bathurst in the cotswolds. the 58-year-old helped herself to paintings, vases and silverware. haul included a sketch by Picasso and pewter plates, court heard.
'elliott label' is the brainchild of former model and actress kylie gulliver. the 29-year-old's brand is adorning the backs of stars including Kourtney Kardashian, Drew Barrymore, Cameron Diaz and pop group, GRL. business partner Robin antin is a dancer, choreographer and founder of the pussycat dolls.
reality star was left heartbroken last august when doctors revealed his 'best' friend' and mother Kym norris had just one hope for survival - a stem cell transplant. overcome with emotion, Bobby, tweeted:'somewhere there is an amazing person that registered with @AnthonyNolan and was a match for my mum' it comes after the reality star inspired more than 3,000 people to sign the bone marrow donation register in one week.
John allan said the 'cart is very firmly before the horse' in referendum. he suggested supermarket giant could move'relatively painlessly' to europe. the tory election manifesto includes the promise of an in-out referendum. but only after reform of Britain's membership.
chief secretary to the Treasury caught on camera drinking with call girl. the two were snapped at bar one in inverness as part of the Nip festival. comes as david cameron faced a growing revolt over his 'flat-footed' campaign.
man in his 20s struck by train at stockwell station in south london. he was reportedly bending down to pick up his bag from the platform. he was later taken to hospital with life-threatening head injuries.
Josh and Vanessa Ellis and baby Hudson were driving under a bridge in Bonney lake, washington on monday morning when a concrete barrier fell on top of them. the 50-foot-long concrete slab weighed 'tons' according to investigators and the damage to the family's pickup truck was so great that it took them hours to extract the bodies. the couple had been married for five years and their baby boy was only eight months old at the time of the tragic accident.
the 55-year-old made his first public appearance since sex claims were thrown out. he was visiting the offices of paint firm AkzoNobel in Slough. he has always denied the lurid accusations made by Virginia Roberts.
so far six people are believed to have been killed in the violent protests. protesters shouting that they want immigrants to leave the country pelted passing vehicles and the police with rocks. protests began two weeks ago in Durban, a key port on south africa's Indian ocean coast, spreading to Johannesburg.
Rhiannon langley, from Melbourne, is sharing every step of her nose job journey with hundreds of thousands of strangers. the 24-year-old hairdresser has an almost 200,000-strong following on Instagram alone. she informed her followers of her impending surgery via the latter one week ago.
the charity will continue to look abroad for millions of dollars while limiting donor nations to a select group of six. the change in policy comes as former board member Hillary Clinton undertakes her presidential campaign. the foundation's reliance on funding from several middle east governments that suppress dissent and women's rights sparked criticism and gave Republicans a new offensive against the leading democrat.
poppy Moore married childhood sweetheart Sam myers at Chelsea register office. the 23-year-old held a reception for 50 guests at the mayfair hotel. the bride wore a knee-length white dress and carried a bouquet of white roses.
man scaled 10-foot grandstand fence before sprinting across start-finish line. he then made a bid for the pit wall before heading to the Ferrari garage. bystanders say he seemed a bit crazed, but not obviously drunk. the incident will evoke memories of the 2003 British grand prix.
Evan had just learned how to giggle and take his dummy out by himself. but just hours later he was fighting for his life with a rash stretching from his head to his belly-button. when his great-grandmother carried out the 'glass test', she saw that it didn't fade under pressure. he was rushed to hospital but was diagnosed with meningoccal septicaemia. despite doctors and nurses battling to save him, he died soon after
backpacker Bethany Farrell, 23, drowned on her first scuba dive in the reef. two people who were on the boat when she died have taken to tripadvisor. one review criticises the way people on the boat were treated amid panic. a friend makes the shocking claim that photos of the backpacker were deleted.
italian activist and artist aleXsandro palombo has turned his hand to photography for his latest project, 'what kind of man are you?' he asks women to share their thoughts on machismo by writing them on pairs of pants and sharing via social media. the messages range from the cheeky'my balls are bigger than yours' to the very simple 'no rape'
the plane began to plunge after it was struck by lightning. autopilot ignored the pilot’s commands to climb and tried to crash the plane into the sea. the 42-year-old pilot put out a mayday emergency signal before regaining control and saving his 30 passengers and three crew.
Julia ware, who was 15 at the time of the accident, appeared in court on wednesday. the families of Shamus digney, cullen keffer and Ryan lesher watched her admit to five of the 12 counts she was charged with. after the hearing was over, a grieving father branded her a murderer. her father, michael ware, is awaiting trial on three counts of involuntary manslaughter.
39-year-old liana barrientos married ten men in eleven years - and married six of them in one year alone, it's been revealed. according to reports, all of barrientos' marriages took place in new york state. authorities reportedly slapped her with offering a false instrument for filing felony charges in November 2014.
sheikh Zayed grand mosque is the biggest in the middle east. more than 400,000 devout worshippers make the pilgrimage to Abu Dhabi to pray during the annual Eid celebrations. now living abroad, photographer Julian John visits the intricately designed prayer halls as frequently as possible.
Clinton visited a coffee shop in leclaire, iowa on tuesday and sat at a table with three young people – all of whom were driven to the event by her campaign's political director. 'it was supposed to be a strategy meeting, but then all of a sudden he says, "we have secretary Clinton coming in, would you like to go meet her?"' 'we got in a car – Troy's car – and went up to
despite earning millions of dollars - sometimes times tens of millions - former players go broke at about 1.1percent per year. 78percent of retired players are bankrupt or under 'financial stress' within two years of leaving the league.
the greens are most likely to travel on long haul destinations. 34% of those who vote lib dem prefer window seat on flights. voters for the snp are more likely to pack the speedos on holiday.
employment minister also had election song written about her by rivals. miss McVey won her seat in 2010 with a majority of just 2,436 votes. she is most at risk of becoming a casualty on election night.
the 29-year-old is first celebrity to front an Ann summers campaign. hotel summers includes plunge, bandeau and boost bikinis and monokinis. the collection lauches in store and online today.
Adele sarno, 85, has lived in her two-bedroom apartment in little italy for more than 50 years. she received a letter five years ago seeking to increase rent to the market rate of $3,500 a month. her landlord is the italian american museum which is dedicated to the legacy of italian-americans and is situated below her home. 'why would you want to throw me out when I lived here all my life?' asked the retired shopkeeper.
representative jesses young wants to use two or three carriers to link Bremerton and port orchard across the Sinclair inlet. the us navy is storing three retired carriers just a few hundred yards from the proposed site of the bridge. a spokesman for the navy said the USS independence and the USS Kitty Hawk are not 'currently available'
the hit band were identified in a secret police intelligence report from 1964. the report related to a notorious flat in battersea, south west london. it is not clear whether the band and Savile attended the brothel at the same time.
army major and his wife 'engaged in a regimen of abuse and neglect' with their three foster children over a period of years, a federal prosecutor told a jury Monday. the Jacksons also forced some of the children to drink hot sauce or eat hot pepper flakes and weren't exposed until one of their biological children reported the abuse to someone outside the family. the Jacksons' previous trial last fall ended in a mistrial when a prosecutor inadvertently referred to the
sleepy shoppers kicked off their shoes and slept on their beds and sofas. more than half of beds and sofas in the xihongmen IKEA shop in Beijing were taken over by nappers. one shopper said she had come in especially to grab a quick forty winks in one of their 'comfy' beds.
Sandra garratt, 56, went through two years of agony following two operations. not even morphine could dull the pain and doctors said there was nothing more they could do ease her suffering. on good friday, the housewife left her home after telling her husband she was 'popping out' hours later her body was found at the cornbow shopping centre in halesowen.
Joyce tabram, 82, lost five kilograms in five days while being treated at Perth's new fiona Stanley hospital. she arrived at the hospital on march 30 with a swollen abdomen but left weighing just 34 kilograms. she was told to fast for five days while waiting for tests to be performed on her. but the health minister said there had been miscommunication between staff and the patient and her family.
Tim farron accused by dead man's widow of 'betrayal' over death of councillor. inquest found that Jo Stephenson jumped from roof while suffering'stress' he fell after being vilified over new parking charges in his constituency. now his widow has accused him of reneging on a deal to support him.
according to the books, Valyrian steel is a form of super strong and light metal forged when the Valyrian Freehold governed Essos. it reigned for 5,000 years before a disaster struck the empire, known as the 'doom of Valyria' a lot of the empire's military strength came from its ability to forge Valyrian steel. materials scientist Ryan consell studied which materials could create a similar sword using bona fide chemistry.
bunny ears, eggs and flowers were among the more conservative adornments festooning the heads of new yorkers. one woman wore a large ship with blue sails on her head, while another sported an elaborate diorama based on the policies of mayor bill deblasio.
la-Sonya Mitchell-Clark, 38, of youngstown, found out her birth mother was Francine Simmons, who works at the same call-center operation company she works at. Simmons said she was'still in shock' from finding out about her daughter, who she always wanted to contact but never knew how.
researchers at the natural history museum in london and university college london have found evidence that human bones had the flesh cut from them before being chewed and crushed. they found tooth marks on many of the bones, which were discovered in the cave during excavations between 1880 and 1992. findings suggest people living in the late Ice age indulged in ritual cannibalism, perhaps as a macabre way to revere their dead kin.
Jean Sharon Abbott, 38, from Plymouth, Minnesota, was told she had spastic diplegia, a form of cerebral palsy, when she was just four-years-old. but after three decades of suffering from muscle spasms, weakness, near immobility, as well as painful surgical procedures, she learned she actually had dopa-responsive dystonia (DRD) dopa-responsive dystonia (drd) is a rare, yet treatable, muscle disorder.
a wicked mistake by BU's goalie allowed the friars to tie in the third period and paved the way for the teams to win their first title. BU's Matt o'Connor somehow lost track of a puck in his glove after it was dumped towards his net and managed to kick it in his own net. it was the school's first NCAA hockey title and third straight year a first-time champion has won it all.
a 48-year-old man has been charged with more than 100 domestic violence offences. the offences include rape,'solicit to murder' and assault against his wife. a police spokesperson confirmed that each of the 102 offences had all been directed towards the same woman over the last 18 years. the man was remanded in custody and will reappear in court on June 10.
a federal judge has sentenced former blackwater security guard Nicholas slatten to life in prison for his role in a 2007 shooting that killed 14 civilians. three other guards - dustin heard, Evan liberty and paul slugh - were each sentenced to 30 years and one day in prison for their multiple manslaughter convictions. a fourth, slatten, faces a penalty of life in prison after being found guilty of first-degree murder.
play was presented by theatre impresario Lewis theobald in the 18th century. he claimed it was a re-working of an original by the bard. but a new study of its language'strongly identifies' the true author.
Joseph O'Riordan, 74, stabbed wife mandy, 47, eight times with seven inch kitchen knife. court hears he was considering letting her have sex with another man once a month as long as she stayed with him. he was 'choked up and emotional' when he told a friend he believed she was having an affair.
Aaronessa keaton of phoenix, arizona was arrested and charged with manslaughter for a 2014 accident that resulted in the death of a 5-year-old child. she was eight months pregnant and had marijuana and Benzodiazepines in her system when she collided head-on with a car carrying two children. when told of this after her arrest, Keaton, 24, said; 'Sh*t happens'.
Lydia millen and Ali Gordon met on Instagram two years ago. the couple have now been dating for two years. they both have large followings on the social media site.
a resident of cammeray left a note on the windscreen of a car parked near a school. the note read: 'if you can't afford to park in the CBD don't come here!! get out of your cars stop clogging up the roads and annoying local residents' a local woman, who only wanted to be known as Lauren, did not agree with the tone of the note, but said it was a real issue.
Josh darnbrough, 24, passed out at a friend's new year's eve party. while he slept, mate Rob gaskell, 24, tattooed his back with a diy kit. it said 'if found face down call an ambulance' and was a practical joke. prank was in revenge for a tattoo Josh tried to do on Rob's leg two years ago. it went horribly wrong and Josh's partner went 'absolutely bonkers
lack of bacteria in gut means we are less equipped to deal with germs. our bodies often overreact when we come into contact with bugs, dust or pollen. many scientists believe modern society makes us hypersensitive to allergens.
police in Maryland have launched a manhunt for a 26-year-old karate instructor who has been charged with possessing child pornography. Alexander soumbadze faces eight possession of child pornography counts. an investigation also uncovered videos of the martial arts expert inappropriately touching and engaging in sexual acts with adolescent males at a Maryland karate studio.
carbon dioxide produced by burning fossil fuels could be captured and used to produce the fizz in cola, says an australian government report. many nations are looking into carbon capture and storage technologies as a way to cut their greenhouse house emissions. the technology has the potential to reduce the emissions of a typical coal-power plant by up to 90 per cent.
B2C data sold financial details of 15,000 people to the daily mail. data bubble supplied our team with health details on 3,000 patients. watchdog said it would probe both companies over claims they breached rules.
David Cameron accuses the two parties of posing a 'clear and present danger' to uk. he said the two parties were pretending to'slug it out' ahead of next month's poll. but he insisted they were both working to ramp up spending regardless of deficit.
dr. Anthony j. moschetto allegedly used drugs, guns and blank prescriptions as currency while trying to have the other doctor harmed. first allegedly hired two men to set fire to the man's office; it happened beneath a sprinkler and damage was minimal, investigators said. 'he was willing to pay $5,000 to have him beaten and put in the hospital for a couple of months and pay $20,000 to have him killed,' prosecutors said.
David was left devastated after his first marriage to a woman broke down. he then remarried, but his second wife turned out to be a bigamist. the 58-year-old is now engaged to another woman he met in the country.
'it is impossible to imagine a prettier spot,' queen Victoria said of her holiday residence, Osborne house on the island of wight. in 1875, a station was built at Whippingham, the closest point on the line, just to serve the royal residence. accommodation was built for the stationmaster, as well as waiting rooms with toilets for ladies and gentlemen. services ended in 1966, after which the station was converted into a home.
Larry Kramer, 79, says he believes what's written in his history book is true though he is selling it as fiction to avoid legal troubles. in volume one of his two part book 'the american people,' Kramer says that Abraham Lincoln was gay and his killer John Wilkes Booth was actually Lincoln's spurned gay lover. another indicator that Lincoln was gay is that he would share beds with other men, especially when his wife Mary left town.
Ben Sunderman, 19, who has down syndrome, ticked off a goal on his list of things to do before turning 21 last week. during the three-minute video posted onto facebook by his dad, Scott, the family is in their kitchen while his mother Sharon is filming the moment. during the video, he reads the letter and his mom eagerly interrupts him asking if he got it which he quiets several times. once he finishes reading the letter, he puts it down and freeze
school prefect Elspeth McKendrick, 16, was left shattered in 2012. she desperately wanted to fit in at school and had built up a small circle of friends. found hanged in her bedroom last august after leaving a note apologising. for confidential support call the samaritans in the uk on 08457 90 90 90, visit a local samaritans branch or click here for details.
today marks the 81st anniversary of the 'Surgeon's Photograph' - an image of the mythical monster from 1934. the site has launched to mark the anniversary and lets people virtually explore both above and beneath the water of the attraction to the southwest of inverness. it partnered with catlin seaview survey and Adrian shine from the Loch Ness and morar project to capture the images. the tech giant has also released a google doodle to commemorate the anniversary and changed the yellow pe
Kennth Crowder, 41, was arrested in Melbourne, florida, on charges of battery on a law-enforcement officer, resisting with violence, and assault with a deadly weapon on a law-enforcement officer. when police arrived on scene, he had put on jeans and a t-shirt and walked toward the officer in an aggressive manner as he called himself god. a police officer shocked him with a Taser twice, but each time he pulled the probe
size 14 model Laura wells says her'skinnier' room mates were told to eat 'one cracker and a couple of glasses of water' leading up to fashion week. she says they then compared themselves to her, who was highly in-demand despite eating what she likes.
the sum is almost five times the prime minister's £142,500 pay packet. a further 11 dentists were paid between £400,000 and £500,000. more than 1,600 pocketed £100,000-£200,000. campaigners said the payments were ‘scandalous’ and ‘unacceptable’.
prince Abdul malik, 31, married Dayangku Raabi'atul 'Adawiyyah Pengiran Haji Bolkiah, 22, in a lavish ceremony at the palace of the Sultan of Brunei. the newlyweds' matching gold outfits were both embellished with diamonds, while blushing bride Raabi'atul carried a bouquet made of dazzling gems, rather than flowers. the prince is the youngest child of the Sultan, hassanal Bolkiah,
the first meeting of the season between the Boston red sox and new york Yankees lasted nearly seven hours on saturday. the game was interrupted by a power outage for 16 minutes in the 12th inning. fans used their cell phones to point at the field to help with the lack of light.
lesley Jonathon Cameron was jailed for life on Tuesday for the murder of a mother and daughter in their own home. Maureen Anne Horstman, 67, and her 26-year-old daughter Tamara Alexandra Horstman were bludgeoned with a hammer and repeatedly stabbed with scissors. Cameron also raped Tamara but it is not known if she was alive or dead. a used condom with DNA evidence was found after the incident
rescue the anorexia girl was based on children's favourite whack-a-mole. instead of hitting the mole with a mallet players are invited to throw food at the cartoon girl. if the player misses the girl, she starts to lose weight until she dies. the game was available on amazon until it was withdrawn following complaints.
Ryanair shared a cheeky promotional photo of staff in terminal 2 in Dublin. tweet read: 'low fares have come to @DublinAirport T2 at last. 'fly from T1 for the lowest fares made simple' meanwhile, rivals Aer Lingus responded with a dig at where Ryanair fly out from.
police in Malawi have been ordered to shoot anyone caught attacking albinos. Tanzania's prime minister has urged citizens to kill anyone with albino body parts. in nearby burundi, albino youngsters are being housed under army protection.
Irina, 29, split from partner of five years, footballer Christiano Ronaldo, in January. she said she felt 'ugly standing next to the wrong man' in new video. she looks stunning in new collection of sunglasses by Linda farrow.
pictures show a young bear being chained to a tree and attacked by dogs. contest is held in the forests of the diamond-rich Sakha republic, eastern Russia. it is a way of recognising the best canine bear hunter. pictures were taken by photo-journalist spiridon sleptsov.
pamela clothier was admitted to hospital forcing her to leave her home. the 92-year-old's family were under the impression she planned to sell the house. charity aged UK cleared out her possessions without her permission. she has criticised the charity and her son for being 'cruel'.
three in five new jobs should be created outside of the capital, he says. he says recovery must be seen in every part of the country. latest figures show there are 2million more people in work than in 2010.
Brett Matthew Paul thomas, now 56, and his friend, mark titch, 17, were convicted in 1977 after committing the murders during robbery or burglary attempts. the two were neighbors at a Stanton apartment complex that the police had dubbed 'the zoo' because of the criminal activity there. their first victim was Laura stoughton, 20, who interrupted the pair as they were breaking into her home and drove to an abandoned field. they abducted
search area will be doubled by australia, china and malayan officials. 'we're confident we're searching in the right area,' australian pm says. news comes after fresh testimonies from the maldives reignited reports the plane could have crashed more than 5,000 kilometres away from the official search led by australia.
university student, callum Ryan, 21, will run eight marathons between January and September 2015 - covering a total distance of 337.5 kilometres. his 'eight great states' campaign is driven by his passion to make a difference after the loss of his friend, malachy frawley. Malachy died from heart disease in 2013 when he was just 14 years old. callum is raising funds for not-for-profit organisation HeartKids australia - supporting thousands of children living with heart
usain bolt and president obama struck trademark 'lightning pose' during encounter on thursday. 'nobody's ever been faster than this guy. ever...of all the billions of people,' said the six-time olympic champion. 'it was truly a great honour meeting the president of united states of america,' Bolt wrote on his Instagram account.
mark reckless faces an uphill battle to hold on to his 2,920 majority. revelation comes after secret polling bombshell hit ukip.
'i really feel that you need to tone it down a little bit,' said kindergarten teacher Cheryl Meyer, 'if you want to become president of the united states' 'there are always going to be differences of opinion in style,' he said before explaining that he doesn't believe public figures must answer politely no matter how nasty a question or comment might be.
Danielle Davis says she looked to her faith when she was faced with the prospect of losing her husband Brian in 2011, just seven months after they were married. 'i knew that God could get us through that,' she said, in an interview at the couple's Georgetown home Tuesday. doctors told her they would have chosen to pull the plug had they been in her position. but she refused to give up and Brian was eventually released into her care. weeks went by and one day, miraculously, Brian spoke. 'I'
Omar Hussain, 27, from high wycombe, became an ISIS jihadist in syria. he used to live at home with his mother and work as a security guard at Morrisons. now he has been promoting himself as an amateur Islamic thinker. he has been writing advice about 'dealing' with wannabe jihadi brides.
video shows woman dangling off the ledge having apparently threatened to jump. police had failed to convince her to climb back into a nearby apartment. firefighters on the street below prepared a ladder to try and reach her. but the woman became more agitated and lowered herself on to the ledge. fireman Xu weiguo immediately clambered out on to the ledge. he grabbed her arm just as she appeared to be pushing herself away. she was then bundled
Jennifer lo's 2000 red carpet appearance set the web ablaze. it caught the attention of google executive, Eric Schmidt. he revealed that the dress was his inspiration for creating google images.
the 30-year-old model gave birth to a healthy baby boy named james hunter on tuesday afternoon.
man, believed to be mentally disturbed, caught on video at airport in canada. he was trying to enter restricted area but refused to abide by security protocol. man was told he would not be allowed to board flight and was then Tasered. most sound is muffled because it is filmed from behind a glass window. however a loud cry of pain can clearly be heard when he is Tasered.
sky in northern city of aershan turned blood red for nearly an hour. residents feared the end was nigh when the heavens opened and out of the sky fell mud, covering them in a strange dark residue.
created by artist in the Swiss city of la Chaux-de-Fonds, the petite pistol measures just two inches long. it fires purpose-made bullets just 2.34mm in diameter - making them the smallest bullets ever invented. gun currently holds the Guinness World Record for the smallest working revolver.
astronomers detected complex organic molecules in a disk of gas and dust around a star 455 light years away where planets are likely to be forming. discovery is a boost for finding alien organisms and suggests the conditions that spawned life on earth are not unique to our solar system. experts believe comets and asteroids from outer solar system seeded the young earth with water and organic molecules to set the stage for life to evolve.
locals discovered the dead pair in separate metal trunks. police said the man's legs had been chopped off and put inside the trunk. his partner was found wearing a set of glass bangles traditionally worn by women.
69-year-old actress said she was in her prime age-wise in the 'unfortunate' 1970s, which, she says, was a 'horrible' time for women.
civil rights campaigner says family wanted him to stay away to avoid 'circus' he will attend vigil in north Charleston, south carolina, the day after the funeral.
deposit containing bone was discovered during excavations in landford, essex. it was placed into a pit with a diameter of about three feet (one metre) and then backfilled with soil. three radiocarbon dates, two from bone fragments and one from charcoal, have confirmed the remains are around 7,614 years old. they fall within the late mesolithic, between 6,000 BC and 4,000 BC. pit shows ancient people understood how to create a pyre that was hot enough
the random darknet shopper was designed as an online shopping system. it would spend up to $100 a week by randomly purchasing items. items included trainers, counterfeit jeans and a set of masterkeys. but it appears it crossed the line when it purchased 10 ecstasy tablets. police seized the drugs, the computer and the rest of the items it had purchased.
braylon Robinson was playing at a house in Cleveland, ohio, on sunday. another three-year-old boy found unattended gun and pulled the trigger. bullet struck infant in the face and he was rushed to hospital, where he died. investigators are trying to determine where gun came from and who fired it.
Doug Hughes, a postal worker from florida, was arrested and charged with operating an unregistered aircraft and violating national airspace. he steered his tiny aircraft onto the Capitol's west lawn after flying through restricted airspace around the national mall. he was released on his own recognizance afterward and instructed to check in weekly with authorities in Tampa starting next week. homeland security secretary jeh Johnson said Thursday that the copter 'apparently literally flew in under the radar,'
defence minister Kevin Andrews declined to name the leader of the terror group. he was appearing on the ABC's 7.30 program and claimed he was unable to do so for 'operational reasons' earlier that day, the federal government announced they would be sending more than 300 troops to Iraq.
police hunting for 26-year-old man wanted for murders of mother and sister. pair found half a mile apart at sheltered accommodation in bootle, merseyside. police say mother, 57, died of asphyxiation and daughter, 27, was stabbed. family say they are 'absolutely devastated' and still trying to come to terms with loss.
the tracks were left by a barefooted early human in Ileret, northwest kenya. researchers believe they belong to groups who all passed over the mud at the same time - perhaps even stalking some of the other animals whose prints are also preserved in the mud. it provides some of the strongest evidence yet that the human ancestors that left the prints - Homo erectus - were sophisticated hunters.
images show the sandstorm sweeping its way across Saudi Arabia, Oman and the united arab Emirates. it caused traffic accidents, the cancellation of hundreds of flights and triggering breathing difficulties among residents. it began on April 1, when high winds whipped up the sandstorm in northern Saudi Arabia before it consolidated.
tens of thousands of australians are bluffing their way around geographic restrictions to watch games of thrones and the sopranos. the american cable and satellite television network has warned users that they will be cut off on April 21.
'rogue', sun-less planets that wander the stars could still harbour extra-terrestrials. this is according to an astrophysicist with the labatoire d'astrophysique de Bordeaux in france. a planet needs to keep warm for liquid water to form, and without the sun, this heat would have to come from its interior. a layer of ice on a planet's surface can act as a strong insulator, locking in a
Heather hironimus fled with her son in february despite a judge's order that she appear in court and allow the circumcision to go forward. the boy's father, Dennis Nebus, has been warring with hironimus since she gave birth. in the new filing, though, hironimus tries to use the child's faith as a defense against the procedure.
underweight people 34% more likely to be diagnosed with dementia than healthy weight. obese people appear to be protected against dementia, with risk around 30% lower than those of healthy weight. contradicts previous studies which have suggested being fat – with a high body mass index - could raise the risk.
Corporal Christian Walmsley was found dead in his flat in bolton. he had served in the first Gulf war, Bosnia, angola and northern ireland. father-of-three had'significant violence only soldiers experience', inquest told. he had previously taken an overdose and told his family he had tried to take his own life, the hearing was told.
the prime minister and his wife joined worshippers at the gravesend gurdwara in Kent earlier today. the visit was designed to reach out to a wider community with just three weeks to go before the election.
Zara has revealed how she got her fitness back after the birth of her daughter. the 33-year-old has committed to a strict exercise and diet regime. the queen's granddaughter is vying for a place on Team GB at the 2016 games.
mountain lion - known as 'p-22' - discovered in crawl space on monday. animal services tried to move him, but he refused to move despite being poked. welfare officers fired tennis ball cannon and bean bags into crawl space. lion moved away overnight, and was moving back towards park.
new study was spawned by the mass shooting in Aurora, Colorado, in which 12 people were killed and 70 injured during a midnight screening of the dark knight rises. the legal proceedings alone cost $5.5 million before the trial of the shooter, james Eagan Holmes, had even started. investigation subsequently expanded to account for all the victims of gun-related violence in the u.s.
would-be fighters are bringing the items across the border as they travel to join those currently waging jihadi across Syria and Iraq. but the hypocrisy in their choice of diet hasn't gone unnoticed, with twitter users quick to condemn their craving for food many hard line clerics would consider forbidden.
the 44-year-old co-host was seen looking morose as she left her new york city apartment on Tuesday. on her morning show she said, 'he was such a great man... he was just a great person, a great friend, he will be missed - I cannot tell you how much I will miss him'
number of fake tan bottles sold in 2014 fell by nearly a quarter from last year. artificial tanning products hardest hit sub-sector of sun care market. pale skin icons include the likes of keira knightley and cara delevingne.
Kingsley burrell, 29, died in police custody four days after being sectioned. he was handcuffed for six hours, wet himself after being denied access to a toilet, and was repeatedly punched by officers, it has been claimed. inquest heard he was arrested after calling police to say he was being threatened with a gun while out shopping in the centre of Birmingham.
hacked emails reveal peggy Siegal said the voting panel objected to having a British director paint their country in a bad light. she added that the plantation owners are as 'terrible as the nazis' a blockbuster of dr who is also in the works - but not for a few years.
protein promotes the production of immune cells called cytotoxic T-cells. they have the ability to detect cancerous cells, hunt them down, and destroy them. scientists are now developing a gene therapy that would boost the production of LEM proteins, in turn increasing the number of T-cells.
cell phone footage recorded by a mom in Jacksonville, florida, on Tuesday shows a man throwing a bottle of liquid at her vehicle while he was driving his van. she said she followed the man and taped him after he swerved in and out of traffic while speeding on a stretch of road that has two school crossings. when she pulled up next to the man, he threw the bottle at her car. further down the road, she said, the driver got out of
beatrice tollman, founder of a luxury hotel chain, made her most recent donation of £20,000 to the tories earlier this month. but last night it emerged that she has previously been charged with conspiracy to evade millions of dollars in tax before the charges were dismissed by a judge.
Dave Brockie, the late frontman of the eccentric heavy metal band GWAR, was found slumped in a chair at his home march 23, 2014. a medical examiner later determined that the 50-year-old musician died of accidental drug overdose. a lawsuit filed last week by his father, administrator of his estate, seeks $1million in compensatory damages on top of unspecified punitive damages. the lawsuit alleges that the surviving members of GWAR swiped his guitars,
the duchess of cambridge has become a much-loved member of the royal family. 56% of britons credit her with the prince's increasing popularity. her natural warmth has helped cement her place in the royal family.
police believe three-year-old boy may have been abducted by a paedophile ring when he disappeared from grandmother's house last september. detectives from the homicide squad and the sex crime squad are 'vigorously perusing every lead that we get' the news comes as the parents of the missing toddler have released new pictures and home videos in the hope that new clues will emerge as to his whereabouts. 'just give him back... take him to a
prime minister hailed the work of the church in his annual message. condemned persecution of Christians following massacre in kenya. comes after he criticised bishops for controversial election letter.
German photographer Dieter Klein travelled the world to find vintage cars left to crumble in leafy forests and fields. he came across a range of mysterious graveyards hosting all sorts of vehicles, including a rare Jaguar xk120. many of the cars, often with doors, tires or windows missing, are parked on forest floors where nature has taken them over.
the descendants of eight ANZAC veterans have proudly showed off their relatives' wartime medals and photographs. photographer mark kolbe travelled around australia to meet the grandchildren, great-grandchildren, sons and daughters. amongst the keepsakes held by the relatives are letters sent by soldiers informing their loved ones of their discharge from the Australian Imperial force. black and white photos show the servicemen on horseback and playing with their army football teams.
last month's average temperature soared to 56.4°F (13.6°C) this is 1.5°F (0.85°C) above the average for the 20th century. this was the highest for march in the 1880–2015 record, surpassing the previous record of 2010 by 0.09°F (0.05°C) scientists blame the heat on El Nio and climate change.
jameela jamil, 29, spent £3,000 on having all her amalgam fillings removed. she believes the work on her teeth triggered a host of health problems. from the age of 21, she would wake up in the morning with a puffy, swollen face feeling utterly hungover - even though she don't drink.
Shinjiro Kumagai is a clergyman at a Buddhist temple in kitakyushu, southwest japan. but after the days work is done, he dresses up as iconic sci-fi TV hero Kamen Rider 1 and takes to the streets to lay down the law. images depict him riding around kitakyushu in full kamen Rider gear - which makes him appear like a giant grasshopper - and the trademark Cyclone motorcycle, fitted with fake jets.
actresses rose byrne and Gracie Otto have joined up in new film-making collaboration 'the doll house collective' the quintet will collaborate on films, share ideas and creative advice, and even provide financial support to each other's projects. byrne believes it's about time they become strong, female leaders in film.
Kyle major, 14, followed his victim and punched him in the back of the head. father-of-two had just asked his group of friends for directions in blackpool. he was found face down in a pool of blood by a passerby in the early hours. Major pleaded guilty to manslaughter and was ordered to be detained for three years.
Sonnenspeicher uses a lithium iron phosphate battery to store energy harnessed by solar panels fitted to a roof. this energy can be used throughout the day, and any excess is stored for when the sun goes down. Rather than selling this excess electricity to the grid, homeowners can then use their stored supply to power their home until the sun rises again.
the park hyatt new york recently hired first lady Michelle obama's favourite designer, narcisco rodriguez, to re-design the staff's uniforms. the Shangri la hotel in Toronto opted for local designer, sunny fong, when overhauling their lounge dresses and champagne room uniforms.
gavin tobeck of lacey, washington was left with a broken cheekbone, jaw and nose bridge, in addition to needing sections of a rib to repair his eye sockets. the boy also lost five baby teeth and three permanent tooth buds after the attack by their dog smash on April 1. in an effort to save her son, 29-year-old Alissa Evans' friend threw hot coffee on the dog which led to the animal releasing his grip on gavin.
after more than two years of planning, 61-year-old Doug Hughes made it through restricted airspace and a no-fly zone in a gyrocopter Wednesday carrying 535 letters. the mailman was arrested and charged with violating restricted airspace and operating an unregistered aircraft. Hughes' wife, alena, says she is proud of her husband and will'support him no matter what'
after a stressful day of moving house, a mother ordered takeaway from mcdonald's. she found something was not right after taking three bites of her burger. the cosmetic artist pulled a half eaten, disemboweled cockroach out of her mouth.
the men were part of a group of five divers from the east coast and san francisco who rented a house on caspar cove 160 miles north of san francisco to hunt for abalone. witnesses said at least some of the men appeared to be inexperienced abalone divers who chose rough, choppy waters. abalone is a rare and expensive mollusk that sells for up to $70 per pound.
model, 19, from california, claims to have eaten placenta, gone on fasts and put her body through many detoxes in her quest to stay young.
goa has 11 hours of sunshine a day at this time of year. it retains something of its european flavour, a leftover from its days as a Portuguese colony for 450 years. the beaches are more relaxed, the restaurants and bars quieter.
Chamali Fernando, candidate for cambridge, made startling comment. she said wearing wristbands would help doctors, lawyers and police. 'they do not realise the person may have a mental health or other condition. the way they behave often affects the way they are treated,' she said.
the spectacular crash on saturday wrecked a green lamborghini and a red Ferrari. both drivers have been charged with dangerous driving and detained. crash occurred two hours before 'fast and furious 7' broke record for midnight screenings in china.
Alaska airlines flight 448 bound for los angeles was forced to turn around and return to Seattle-tacoma international airport on monday. passengers heard banging and pleas for help coming from the cargo section of the jet. it was later revealed that the unnamed employee of airline contractor menzies aviation had dozed off inside the plane at the end of his shift and only awakened when it was in the air.
Brian Karl brimager, 37, entered his plea on Friday after he was indicted by a federal grand jury in San Diego, in connection with the death of Yvonne Lee Baldelli. the 42-year-old woman from Laguna Niguel, California, was last seen in September 2011 when she arrived in Panama with Brimager. the indictment alleges that brimager murdered Baldelli, dismembered her body and disposed of her body parts in a remote jungle area
shadow chancellor said there had been a 'dramatic decline in standards' by 2020 millions more will face long waits in A&E and long waits to see GPs. response times for the most serious call-outs will rise to over nine minutes.
Viv Nicholson, 79, became rich overnight when she scooped £152,319 in 1961. win, on football betting pool, would be worth up to £5m in today's money. she and husband Keith splurged cash on flash cars, designer clothes, holidays. tragedy struck when Mr Nicholson died at wheel of his blue jaguar in 1965. this led to Mrs Nicholson being declared bankrupt as tax authorities reclaimed most of husband's wealth. she
the unwitting admission from five-year-old Daniel to be broadcast tonight. it is the fourth time they have appeared on screen during the campaign. led to accusations that he lives an ‘Upstairs, Downstairs’ lifestyle.
players of the online game are tasked with escaping Syria and making it into Europe. grim outcomes include refugees being beaten over the head and hurled into the Mediterranean from packed migrant ships. game was criticised by experts for turning suffering of millions into a 'children's game'
cosmetic surgeon, 65, hanged himself at his mansion in miami on Sunday. he was reportedly 'devastated' by rumors comparing him to a character on the Netflix show, unbreakable Kimmy Schmidt. joy behar and Kelly ripa tweeted their condolences on Monday. dermatologist, who worked with brandt, posted a moving tribute. his colleague, dr Robert anolik, said: 'he was far more than a colleague to
the government yesterday unveiled its final calculation for the war reparations stemming from occupation by the third Reich. the radical left says germany owes Greece nearly 279billion euros, or £204billion to compensate it for looting and war crimes. the demand comes just days before Greece is obliged to pay 450million euros of its debt to the international monetary fund.
the 30-year-old lingerie model gave birth to baby James the next day. he was born at a healthy eight pounds and seven ounces earlier this week.
the shops are full of new season clothes that are just waiting for a sunny day. cotton dresses, cut-off mini skirts and denim hot pants all need to wait until at least June for an appearance. but there are still plenty of crafty ways to keep your wardrobe current.
half-kilogram burger contains two beef patties and a whole fried chicken thigh. created by chef at the Splendid kitchen restaurant in Manchester. burger contains homemade bacon jam, ham chunks and chicken thigh.
prince Harry visited the tiny township of wuggubun in western australia. he took an hour-long break during a training exercise with a norforce unit. 'he just rocked up,' said delighted resident Barry trust. the prince began a month-long secondment to the australian defence force.
the 16-page collection is expected to fetch up to $1.5million (£1,006,303) it includes a deleted verse, which was crossed out and never recorded. the eight-minute-long song was released in 1971 and was a hit in 1972. it mourns the death of late-50s rock n' roll icon Buddy Holly.
two french backpackers set alight a native australian quokka. they used a deodorant can and lighter to torch the marsupial. both men pleaded guilty to animal cruelty at Fremantle magistrate's court. they were each fined $4000 and will be held behind bars for seven days.
brothers, both in their twenties, took 'bad batch' of synthetic marijuana. they collapsed after suffering hallucinations, vomiting, night sweats and shaking. they were hospitalized on April 6, within hours of each other, in mississippi. fortunately, they rallied against terrifying effects of drug, and returned home. but now, they are facing serious - and in youngest's case, permanent - medical issues. mother, Karen, has appealed to others not
Illinois rep. Luis gutierrez is at the head of a group of representatives who are trying to help undocumented immigrants avoid deportations. the toolkit includes a bilingual card that lists reasons a person should not be deported under expanded policies. the two-page booklet details president Barack Obama's expanded deferred action for childhood arrivals (DACA) and deferred action for parents of americans and lawful permanent residents (DAPA) policies. those policies are currently on hold by a
the #grannyhair trend may still be going strong for women, but it seems men will always hold the crown for rocking the grey look. with his 40th birthday just around the corner, it seems David is embracing his age with style. from old-school stars surfing the silver quiff to salt-and-peppered Hollywood hunks, men are getting more comfortable about embracing the distinguished look.
some patients even being given hangover tablets and Yakult yogurt drinks. prompted concern that patients are abusing the system by demanding prescriptions for household essentials which are cheaply available. in 2014, the NHS handed out 404,500 prescriptions for suncream at a cost of £13million.
the teenager from the. henan province in central china has been labelled 'too beautiful too look at' by her 400,000 followers on her weibo account. plastic surgery - particularly operations such as double eyelid surgery and rhinoplasty - are increasingly popular in china.
Henthorn was charged with the murder of second wife,. Toni Bertolet, 51, last November and police have reopened their investigation. into the suspicious death of his first wife,. Lynn Rishell, some 20 years earlier. in both cases he was named as the sole beneficiary in a string of lucrative life insurance policies totaling $500,000 on the death of his first wife and $4.5million on the death of his second. his sister-in-law, grace, said that the FBI told her
fast-casual chain removed carnitas pork burritos from a third of its stores in january, but still doesn't have a stable supply of the meat. fewer than five per cent of pigs in the us are raised in a way that meets Chipotle's standards. farmers are wary of the increased production cost for premium, antibiotic-free pork.
crazed Milton vieira severiano, 32, dragged the limp body of dancer. Cicera alves de sena, 29, was then shot in the face five times at pointblank range. he later confessed that he'd carried out the brutal act 'because he was jealous of men looking at her'
a 4-foot-high, 100-pound sculpted bust of the infamous NSA whistle-blower was sneaked into Brooklyn's Fort greene park in the pre-dawn hours of monday. the mysterious perpetrators were a trio of guerrilla artists — admirers of the former government contractor who leaked thousands of pages of classified information to the media. the activists hoisted the unsanctioned bust to the top of a revolutionary war memorial and
Sharista giles of sweetwater, tennessee, went into a coma in december after a car accident. the 20-year-old was five months pregnant at the time and doctors believed she would never recover. a month later doctors were forced to deliver her son, who the family calls baby l, who she saw for the first time on Wednesday. baby l was less than two pounds when he was born, but since then has been greatly improving and now weighs
today is the 150th anniversary of the surrender of confederate general Robert E. Lee to union lt. gen. ulysses s. grant in appomattox, Virginia. re-enactors dressed as union cavalry drill early in the morning at the appomattox court house national historical park.
Luigi Costa, 71, is accused of killing his elderly neighbour Terrence freebody. he allegedly stomped on his head, cut his throat and stabbed him multiple times in the dining room of his home in red hill, Canberra in 2012. forensic psychiatrist professor Paul Mullen believes there was evidence of the accused's state of mind declining in the lead-up to the incident and also during the event. he said the trail of faeces from the crime scene to the toilet
the family of eight-year-old. Martin Richard, the youngest victim to lose his life in the attack, headed to. the site to help officials unveil commemorative banners. four orange signs each bearing a white heart and the word 'boston' were mounted on poles wrapped in blue and yellow flowers, the marathon's colors. the family of Krystle Campbell, who also died in the attacks, helped unwrap another banner with the help of governor Charlie.
herminia Garcia, 53, charged with wilful neglect and being in the country illegally for more than 20 years. her father, 57, also arrested on suspicion of 'ill treatment' after it emerged her birth and that of her 14-year-old sister had not been registered. he has not been charged and is currently on bail. police have applied for a 'care and protection' order for couple's other child, but she is back with them pending a court hearing.
education secretary has ordered officials to start'mapping the pressures' comes less than six months after she told the head of ofsted it was not 'helpful' to warn that schools are struggling to cope with an 'influx' of migrants.
Kevin Dixon, 35, offered to take his friend's dog for a walk to help her out. he then hit the dog seven times with an axe - killing the animal. he was convicted of causing the dog unnecessary suffering. he was given a suspended prison sentence and banned from keeping animals.
Joshua vaughan, 17, was last seen standing on a platform in chapeltown, Sheffield. his girlfriend had sent his mother a message saying he was 'going to end it' before his death, he had been suffering relationship problems, an inquest heard. his mother called the police but by the time she got to the station, Joshua's body had already been found on the line, the inquest heard.
researchers analysed medical records of nearly two million people. those with a BMI of 25 to 29 had an 18 per cent lower risk of dementia. being obese (with a BMI of 30 plus) did even better.
Brae carnes of Victoria, British Columbia, has begun posting photos of herself applying makeup and even changing in men's public restrooms. this to protest a proposed amendment to a Canadian transgender rights bill that would allow owners to decide if they want to allow transgender individuals to use facilities corresponding to their gender. senator don Plett introduced this new amendment to the bill. he argues it is more a protection for women who may be afraid to share a space with anyone who is '
Scott kemery, 44, was rushed by helicopter to hospital with first and second degree burns after accidentally setting himself on fire on Tuesday. police said that he started the blaze with his ill-timed cigarette break in the parking lot of the King Kullen supermarket in eastport. a friend had told him the best way to kill bedbugs was to douse them in alcohol.
a real estate publicist and freelance writer has been penning letters to murderers behind bars to find out exactly what makes them tick. after having a traumatic encounter with a sociopath in her own life she became inspired to learn about the inner workings of a criminal mind. six years and 600 prison letters later, Kreth says she's learned that a sociopath is a person 'who wants to feel like the smartest person in the room'
thief casually walks up to a white range rover in woodford green, north london. takes less than 30 seconds to open the door and get into the driver's seat. manages to start up the engine and reverse the car away from the house. the metropolitan police are now appealing for information.
Kimberly Waddell macemore, 25, of of Wilkesboro, was sentenced on Tuesday to a total of not less than 12 months nor more than 34 months in prison. the sentence was suspended for 36 months and she was placed on supervised probation. macemore had a casual sexual relationship with one of the young men, but had enjoyed a longer and more involved relationship with the other.
olive fowler was caught by police at JFk airport on April 12 after taking a Caribbean airlines flight from her hometown in south america to new york. authorities said they spotted her'sweating profusely' and 'avoiding eye contact with officers' so they decided to pull her aside to conduct a search. after patting her down in a private room, investigators reportedly felt a 'dense hard material' under her clothes. it's estimated the drugs found in her pan
pensioner wrote to council complaining about lack of action over fly-tipping. he signed off his email with: 'that's why I'll be voting ukip' councillor replied: 'as you appear to be supporter of racist party please do not send me any further emails as they will be put in my junk mail folder and automatically deleted'
'the diggers are dole bludgers' has attracted more than 360 likes since the page started in late January. one meme posted to the page features the iconic 'handsome soldier' photograph with the words'stop talking sh*t or we'll f***ing rape you c**t' a protest page called'remove the diggers are dole bludgers' was created to petition facebook to take the page down.
Norwich scientists have developed an adaptor for colour blindness. Eye2TV can be plugged into any HDMI port on a TV or a computer monitor. a remote control or app then adjusts the colour adjustment. it allows colour blind people to watch shows they otherwise couldn't. the team is seeking £100,000 ($150,000) of funding on Kickstarter.
Jericho Scott, 16, was shot dead early on sunday in new haven, ct. he was killed while he sat in a car with a 20-year-old friend, Justin compress. compress was shot in the shoulder, hand and wrist but is now in stable condition. the budding star became an internet star after being told he couldn't pitch for his little league team because of his 40mph fastball.
which? reveals a host of products that have been shrunk while the price remains the same. it's part of a strategy across the retail industry that enables manufacturers to increase profits without putting up prices.
Rihanna cooper, 21, from Hull, was born Bradley cooper in 1994. at 16, she was accepted for gender reassignment treatment. part way through her treatment, the stress of her transition became too much. she has now resorted to working as an escort to fund her dreams.
white female student, who has not been identified, wrote on whiteboard. reasons included 'ratchets', an 'overpopulated campus' and parking. but at the top of the list was the word 'n*****s' she was a member of campus's Kappa delta chapter sorority until last year. now, student has been suspended and faces code of conduct inquiry. image marks third racially-charged incident on campus in past week.
the strike will go down in history as one of the greatest ever in the league. the midfielder picked up the ball deep into his own half and belted it in. the shot, travelling at 45.1mph, was hit such power that the back-pedaling courtois was unable to deflect the ball away.
Elizabeth sedway, 51, from granite hill, california, suffered from multiple myeloma - a rare form of plasma cancer. she posted an emotional video on her facebook page Monday showing her family being kicked off a packed plane. in the video, her husband is seen removing their carry-on luggage and helping their two sons out of their seats.
former economics editor made headlines after it emerged she had been ‘secretly’ dating the labour leader when he first met his wife Justine in 2004. in a brief message on twitter yesterday she said: ‘we “dated” fleetingly in 2004. very costly few weeks it turns out’.
the queen is celebrating her 89th birthday today. she was filmed 'jumping out of a plane' during the opening ceremony of the 2012 olympics. her grandson, prince william, described her as an 'unbelievably good sport'
Kenyatta leal is the first graduate of the world’s only prison-based tech incubator. he was one of 15 prisoners selected from about 200 to undergo six months of intensive business training with silicon valley entrepreneurs. leal was jailed in 1994 for his third strike, unlawfully possessing a firearm after committing a felony.
pair allegedly worked as a team to manipulate the results of a full body scanner at a security check-point in Denver last year. the TSA received an anonymous tip-off in November last year that an employee had admitted to 'groping' men. male employee would then perform pat downs of the male passenger's genitals.
Medics told family of Margaret hesketh there was little they could do for her. the 70-year-old was riddled with tumours, her children will claim. family claim she was then put on discredited treatment for the dying. post-mortem found no sign of cancer and she died of pneumonia.
Andrea dossena was arrested on suspicion of shoplifting at Harrods. the 33-year-old now plies his trade with League one strugglers leyton orient. dossena scored the winner against real madrid in the champions league.
jade and Ross morley's son Floyd-henry was diagnosed with a rare form of dwarfism called achondroplasia when he was just five months old. the morley's released a video explaining the condition to their friends and family. Floyd-henry is now a big brother to three-week-old twins Harrison stone and Cleo téa. the twins were born at 37 weeks on march 20 this year.
figure went up from 16 to 31 per cent among men named Nigel, poll found. those least likely to vote were Sharon, Samantha and clare without an i. the three most likely to vote tory were Charlotte, fiona and Pauline.
royal commission into orphanage abuse in rockhampton has heard from alleged victims. a retired nurse said she was punched and slapped repeatedly. a woman claimed she was gang raped by employees and then had a child. a third victim claimed she was raped more than 100 times by a priest.
officer michael slager, 33, is charged with murder after opening fire on Walter Scott, 50, in north Charleston, south carolina, on saturday. his attorney told CBS that he is housed in a room with one small window and does not have any interaction with any other detainees at Charleston county jail. a jail staff member told the new york daily news: 'he wouldn’t last one week in the general population. everyone inside is talking about it. of course people
according to a recent poll, nine out of ten people feel stressed if their phone battery run out. there’s even a word for it — ‘nomophobia’, the fear of being without a working mobile. this week it was revealed that sir james dyson is investing £10 million in battery experts Sakti3.
Justin Whittington, 23, was arrested on. friday in Bakersfield, and charged with child cruelty after the alleged abuse. surfaced online. after interviews, his charge was changed from 'cruelty' to 'endangerment' and his bail dropped from $1 million to $20,000.
tumblr blog called Conversation sparks has been turned into a book. cartoons by illustrator Ryan chapman designed for awkward silences. blog has been turned into a book called Conversation Sparks: Trivia Worth Talking About.
actor Ryan Reynolds was the victim of a hit-and-run in a hotel parking lot on friday, according to his publicist and police. the 38-year-old was struck by a car while walking in the residential parking garage of the Shangri-la hotel, but he was left uninjured. publicist leslie Sloane said 'while walking, Ryan was struck by a paparazzi driving a car through an underground parking garage' 'the man fled the scene. Ryan
the car, which was carrying 12, crashed when a blown tire caused the 2006 Ford expedition to overturn on the florida turnpike. authorities say 38-year-old Uriel Miranda died at the scene and his 2-year-old daughter Yaretsi Miranda died Saturday evening at a hospital. eight-year-old Yordi Miranda died Sunday at a hospital.
the USS independence is resting 800m underwater off the farallon islands. experts found its hull and deck very well preserved and clearly visible. there also appears to be a plane in the hangar bay of the vessel. ship survived an atomic bomb test after being chosen as a 'target vessel' for operation crossroads in 1946.
Tokyo's Narita airport has installed running tracks in its new terminal 3. the colourful footpaths were installed to save money. but were they really intended to encourage passengers to dash to their gate?
police in canada have charged a former nurse with manslaughter. it is thought it is the first time a health care professional has been charged for switching off a life support machine in canada. deanna leblanc, 39, woke up at 3am feeling 'like she was dying' she died at Georgian bay general hospital on march 2, 2014.
the rensselaer polytechnic institute in new york has pushed back its planned screening of the controversial Iraq war film which was set for last friday. it said it will still show the Oscar-nominated movie but with an educational forum follow-up to allow students to discuss the film.
Emma Watson turned 25 yesterday and celebrated a quarter of a century. the actress has carved a career that many of us can only dream of. here, we chart her 14 years in the spotlight that have made her a global icon.
Tewksbury police department came under attack by hackers in december. program called CryptoLocker infects through e-mail and scrambles data. only files that were not corrupted were 18 months old. they were forced to pay ransom in the untraceable digital currency.
chihuahua Digby was found dehydrated and cowering between bins. he was rescued by the RSPCA and taken to a centre in hertfordshire. there, he quickly became inseparable from 9st mastiff Nero.
Lucy Gransbury wrote a two-page rant claiming her neighbours were keeping her awake at night. she followed up by dropping a thank-you card and some gifts over the fence. after a month of not hearing back from any of the boisterous lads, Jershon witehira posted an equally cheeky reply on his facebook page. he said although others may find her crazy he thinks she is brave and creative.
liverpool manager Brendan rodgers has been convicted of leaving a property to rot. the house in Accrington was left in a state of disrepair for three years. rodgers and his business partner Judith O'Hagan were found guilty of ignoring an improvement notice issued by Hyndburn council. the pair were ordered to fix the windows, doors and roof, and to remove the rubbish strewn across the garden.
four-year-old got stuck after failing to pick up a teddy from the claw machine. he put his hand inside the machine's hatch - but when he reached too far, he slipped under the trap door and was stuck inside. it took workers half an hour to free him - and he got to keep the despicable me toy.
the 44-year-old had just returned from a holiday in Algeria. he tried to lodge a complaint at the great manchester police station. police tweeted a warning about wasting police time.
Ukip candidate Kim rose is being investigated by police over claims he tried to 'corruptly influence' voters by giving them sausage rolls. food and entertainment cannot be provided by parliamentary candidates if their provision is intended to influence votes. 'treating' is a criminal offence known as bribing people with food and drink.
research analysed DNA from 21,566 men convicted of sex offences in Sweden. found brothers of convicted sex offenders five times more likely to commit similar crimes than men in the general population. only 2% of cases could be explained by shared environmental factors. genetic factors were a factor in 40 per cent of cases.
married dr unt tun maung, 43, was working as a locum GP in Teesside. he asked the vulnerable teen to remove her bra, before cupping and squeezing each of her breasts before telling her to put her clothes back on. after the attack, the girl texted a friend to say she felt sexually abused. a complaint was made to the NHS, but police were not alerted for'several months', court heard
spring is the ideal time to fill your home with gorgeous blooms. but they will soon fade in just a few days, a week at most. there are simple tricks you can use to prolong the life of your blooms.
Michael munday has taken to social media to post love notes dedicated to the love of his life, Melissa. the Sydney man says he needs the support of the public in order to win her back. some users were not entirely convinced by his plea for help, describing his messages as 'creepy and inappropriate'
the reality star took to Instagram to share a couple of pictures from inside the Armenian church in Jerusalem's old city.
this week the 43-year-old revealed her love of alternative band Poliça. their brand of psychedelic rock conjures up a world a far cry from her life. the band's name roughly translates as 'policy' in polish. they are inspired by a radical feminist who described pregnancy as 'barbaric'
when Sonia was pregnant, her daughter angela was diagnosed with anencephaly, a birth defect in which babies are born without parts of their brain and skull. but Sonia and her husband Rony, who live in rhode island, decided to 'keep her no matter what. after her birth, doctors told the family it was a critical period, but a week later they were thrilled to bring her home. they have been celebrating every day with angela since as they know life could be short for
police in germany are investigating whether a woman lied about being related to a victim of last month's Germanwings air disaster. the woman allegedly flew to southern france twice after falsely claiming to be one of the deceased teacher's cousins. the airline's parent company Lufthansa organised special flights for victims' families after the march 24 crash in the french Alps.
tories could cut child benefit or stop millions of families receiving it. former education secretary said he could not rule out further cuts. he said the tories would not cut benefits for the disabled or pensioners.
jared quirk, 18, from rockland, massachusetts, died on friday in athens, after collapsing while walking with friends. he is the third student at rockland high school to die in the past six months. Joshua rose, 17, died suddenly on october 1 and Patrick Sullivan, 17, was killed in a three-car pileup on new year's eve.
retail chief said customers won't be able to buy an apple watch in store 'through the month of may' due to 'high global interest combined with our initial supply' it was expected to launch on 24 April.
baby elephant can be seen walking alongside its herd at Whipsnade zoo. elephants are often seen travelling in single file, using their trunk to hold onto another mammal's tail in front of them. the video shows keepers assisting six elephants along a path. as the first three elephants move from the shot, the fourth is flanked by a baby.
video depicts the 918 Spyder clocking 350km/h as it rockets down a dead-straight stretch of road in the outback. driven by new Zealand professional race car driver Craig Baird. the $900,000 vehicle is driven by a petrol-electric hybrid system which can accelerate from 60km/h to its 350km/h top speed in a mere 40 seconds.
16-year-old filmed throwing kitten against door and flushing it in toilet. he claimed he was 'accidentally' high on super-strength cannabis. he admitted causing unnecessary suffering at swindon magistrates court. owner Sarah reeves, 19, also banned from keeping animals for ten years.
local journalist noticed the phenomenon when his wife gave birth to twins during the 1992-95 civil war. he went to his neigbours seeking to borrow a buggy to carry the babies, only to discover they had given it to a third family who also had multiple babies. now the town's mayor has backed the initiative believing it could help drive tourism in the area which relies on harvesting raspberries and chestnuts.
up to 120,000 britons have laser eye surgery each year to correct long and short-sightedness.
Mohammed Khubaib, originally from pakistan, befriended girls and 'hooked' them with alcohol in bid to make them 'compliant' to sexual advances. married businessman, 43, pursued interest 'away from home and family' father of five used restaurant as 'focal point', grooming vulnerable under-age girls. found guilty of forcing 14-year-old girl to perform sex act on him.
veteran newsman and 'face the nation' moderator bob Schieffer announced his retirement at an annual symposium at his alma mater in texas. 'I'm one of the luckiest people in the world because as a little boy, as a young reporter, I always wanted to be a journalist, and I got to do that,' he said. on Wednesday night, Schieffer tweeted'really happy to be in my hometown, where it all started,
Nancy Kanwisher, a professor at the. Massachusetts institute of technology, chopping at her shoulder-length bob with scissors. a graduate student then uses an electronic razor to shave the rest off, with piles of hair left on a bench in front of a projector. the short video was posted on the scientist's brain talks website, which is designed to teach people about the different methods of studying the brain.
video shows a group of female jihadis practising drills in aleppo, syria. all of the women are fully veiled, making it hard to identify individuals. but it is possible the group may be linked to Islamic state. women are seen shouting religious slogans and re-iterating their devotion to jihad.
the notice has been fixed outside a university building in Portugal place. it warns that bikes will be'removed or destroyed' if they are left behind a building previously used by the Greek Orthodox church.
Mohammed Emwazi was planning to join al-Shabaab in africa, source says. but he changed his mind after two of his friends were killed, it has been claimed. 29-year-old Syrian, named only as ayman, said he was obsessed with al-Shabaab. he said:'some of his friends had been killed, some sent to prison and he thought they had been betrayed'
Floriane de lassee has been photographing the cities of insomnia for at least ten years. she spots movement in the standstill of the night - she finds lone beating hearts who still have the light on when everyone else is sleeping. de lassee has been photographing the cities of insomnia for at least ten years and had a book published filled with pictures of the cities that never sleep in 2008.
Grace Rebecca Mann, 20, was found unconscious by two female roommates in a home they shared in Fredericksburg, near the college, about 3pm on friday. she was asphyxiated and found with a plastic bag stuffed into her throat. the fourth roommate, Steven Vander Briel, 30, was home when the two women stumbled upon the body, but ran out of the house. he was arrested two hours later in a church parking lot. police have charged Briel with first-degree murder and
aldi increased its share of the premium ale market by a third in a year. it is believed the discounter is luring customers away from troubled giants. aldi sells bottles of Newcastle brown ale for £1.24 compared to £1.64 at Tesco.
Stephanie Scott's remains have been transported to Glebe morgue in Sydney. an autopsy will be carried out this week to determine how she was killed. detectives who are leading the investigation will reportedly make inquiries with authorities in the Netherlands in an attempt to run a background check on the accused killer. school cleaner Vincent Stanford was charged with Ms Scott's murder on Thursday. the 26-year-old was allegedly murdered and dumped in bushland six days before she was due to walk down the aisle to
the 42-year-old was at the woman awards held at Madrid casino. wore a backless sequinned dress with a pair of chandelier earrings. also unveiled a new bob hair cut and posed for photos with other winners.
Mike and Susan Fortuna, of shelburne, sued last week, accusing allergan of failing to warn of dangers, negligence and breach of the Vermont consumer fraud act in treating their daughter, mandy. in November, a Vermont jury awarded a new york family $6.75 million in their lawsuit against allergan. their lawyer said 7-year-old Joshua Drake developed epilepsy after getting botox injections for his leg spasms caused by cerebral palsy.
the items from the collection of 'dean of american crafts' Allen eaton were slated for public auction on friday at the Rago auction house in new jersey. the collection includes 63 photos of people of Japanese descent who were imprisoned over fears they were spies. the auction was halted thanks, in part, to the efforts of star trek actor George takei, who lived in an internment camps in Arkansas as a child.
police fired stun grenades and rubber bullets as gangs confronted police. more than 200 immigrants had to take refuge in a police station. trouble spread just a day after a rally against xenophobia in Durban.
Mackenzie moretter has a rare genetic disorder called sotos syndrome that has delayed her development, making it hard for her to socialize. her parents had sent out invitations to several of her fourth grade classmates, but all but a neighbor and a cousin had canceled or did not RSVP. so her mother Jenny moretter went on facebook and posted in a few local groups asking families with girls Mackenzie's age to stop by their home. the response was overwhelming and more than 700 people showed up to celebrate
newington college in Sydney's inner west is the latest prestigious private school to be hit by historic child sex abuse allegations. headmaster David Mulford notified parents and students of the allegations in an email sent out on Monday ahead of a pending court case. he said the case referred to alleged incidents from more than 35 years ago and asked anyone with grievances to come forward.
claims were made by analyst during a note to investors on tuesday. he said the next-generation iphone will feature Force touch. it recognises typical scrolling and pinching gestures, but additionally tracks the pressure of a person's click and responds accordingly. apple released its iOS 8.3 update yesterday. it also rolled out 300 new emojis, including the much-anticipated 'racially diverse' people icons.
dogs sniffed urine of 900 men - 360 with prostate cancer and 540 without. scientists found that dog one got it right in 98.7 per cent of cases. for dog two, this was 97.6 per cent - backs up tests by medical detection dogs.
Teresa Swarbrick drowned in a 'freak' snorkelling accident on april 8. her husband has posted a heartbreaking tribute to her on facebook. 'there are no words to express my sadness and devastation for our family,' he said.
Richard Graham is fighting to retain the marginal seat of Gloucester. faces contempt of court proceedings if he fails to obey an order by the high court to take down the tweets. Zac Evans, 19, was killed in a machete attack outside a pub in Gloucester in January.
turkey-sized 'egg thief lizards' dubbed Romeo and Juliet were found lying next to each other in a 75-million-year-old rock in the mid-90s. it has taken until now for experts to determine the sex of the 'lovers' they believe the key differences between the sexes lie in bones near the base of the tail. they suggest male oviraptors had broader and longer chevron bones in their tails
Rebecca sedwick leaped to her death from the roof of an abandoned concrete plant in lakeland, florida in september 2013. the following month, two girls were arrested for 'bullying' but the charges were dropped when police were unable to find any evidence of harassment. on wednesday, her family filed a lawsuit against the Polk county sheriff's department. it accuses them of using the girl's death as an 'opportunity for media attention' and
broadcasting regulator receives 21 complaints over the 'cruel' act. ofcom receives 21 and ITV receives 35. the RSPCA says it will be contacting the show 'to ascertain what methods were used'
men accused of being agents of the syrian government executed in video. eight-minute harrowing footage released by extremist group earlier today. shows men kneeling in middle of road in deir ez-zor as sword is sharpened. comes just one day after group claimed to have beheaded 30 Ethiopians.
a well-known band from catalonia sang a tongue-in-cheek song aboard a flight. the lyrics read: 'ryanair, how we like Ryanair, and its flight attendants, they could not be nicer' the band posted the performance video to facebook and youtube.
Claudetteia love, a senior and one of the top students at Carroll high in Monroe, said she was planning on going to the prom without a date and with a group of friends. though a petition was started and signed by members of the senior class to allow Love to wear a tuxedo, it was not acted on by school faculty. principal Patrick Taylor told love's mother, Geraldine Jackson, that the decision is part of the school's dress code and not anything
Myanmar's newly-built capital city, Naypyidaw, is shrouded in secrecy. first became the capital of the country a decade ago, after the government decided to move the capital from Yangon. built to be the size of 120 Manhattans and to have space for up to one million residents, it remains a relative ghost town.
noelle reno has broken her silence almost four months to the day since his death. she confirmed she had split up with her partner of five years before he fell out of her fourth-floor flat window on to railings below. she also labels his death a'suicide', pre-empting any coroner’s verdict. the inquest into his death was adjourned in December and no date has yet been set to re-open it.
Preston Wright, 23, killed his girlfriend, Sarah Owen, 21, after he stabbed her several times with a knife, then turned the weapon on himself at a house in Norman, Oklahoma. eyewitnesses said that Owen arrived at the house and was attempting to move her things out of a garage when the argument escalated. officers from Norman Police arrived on the scene where they were met by a boy, thought to be Wright's brother, who told them his brother and his brother's girlfriend had been in
a surge in jellyfish numbers has moved tourism group Stay in Cornwall to reassure swimmers that the water is fine. not all jellyfish found off uk beaches can sting humans, and for the majority of cases, stings are mild or easily treated. how to deal with a sting has changed in recent years, with the long-adopted method of pouring vinegar over stings now considered a no-no.
Julie Walters, 49, pretended to be a council warden and a church official. she bluffed her way into sheltered housing complexes to steal from victims. caught by police after she was spotted loitering in the communal hall. an 80-year-old man and 81-year-old woman were fleeced in two separate attacks. jailed for two and a half years at minshull street crown court.
raiders used a sledgehammer and an axe to try and smash their way in. they were foiled by a brave employee who barricaded the door. police have appealed for the public to help them identify the offenders.
people with rapid eye movement sleep behaviour disorder (RBD) move around in their sleep and 'act out' their dreams. this is a characteristic of a condition called rapid eye movement sleep behaviour disorder. up to 90 per cent of people with the condition will develop a neurological condition.
the fash-pack have long championed head-to-toe black. but they're shaking it up for spring by injecting another colour into their wardrobes. navy rocked the runways, from Calvin Klein to the row.
tens of millions of people in china marked the annual 'Tomb Sweeping Festival' this weekend by travelling home to their ancestral villages. families cleaned their tombs of the deceased and honour their loved ones, burning fake paper money and leaving their favourite food and drink. as part of the Qingming Festival – which means 'pure brightness' – china celebrates the coming spring and the beauty of nature.
the airbus was tracked by flightradar24.com shortly after takeoff. the flight was to celebrate the marriage of two of the airline's crew. the happy couple got married at the airport earlier that day.
flaming cannonball set alight to medieval thatched boathouse at warwick castle. tourists had gathered to watch cannonball being fired from wooden trebuchet. sparks from the fireball ignited the roof of a nearby ancient boathouse. boathouse overlooking river avon was unoccupied when it became engulfed in flames.
puren was youngest brother of final Qing monarch who ruled until 1912. 96-year-old died on friday after being taken to hospital with pneumonia. one of his sons said he was 'almost deaf' and 'couldn't hold a pen'
surveillance footage shows 40-year-old Todd Phillips being struck at full speed as he flags down one of his drivers during Sunday's inaugural indy grand prix of Louisiana. as the Dale coyne racing team chief mechanic is hit on the leg by the back end of the vehicle he flips forwards and performs a somersault. amazingly Phillips of Franklin, wisconsin, only sustained minor injuries to his leg which required six stitches. it was later reported
the duchess of cambridge shared the anecdote at a party in march. she was celebrating the 105th birthday of the Goring hotel in london. the 33-year-old made the revelation during a lunchtime event at the hotel. 'after hearing this he went to the china cabinet and proclaimed "daddy is not here"'
dr. michael Davidson, 44, was shot dead by his patient's son at bwh on january 20. his wife, dr. terese halperin, is seven months pregnant with their fourth child. the baby girl, Mikaela Davidson, was born on april 4, less than three months after her father's slaying.'michael was very much looking forward to the birth of this beautiful
HBO has launched its HBO NOW channel on the Apple TV set-top box, iPhone and iPad ahead of the series premiere of HBO hit show game of thrones on april 12. the service is available in the us for $14.99 (£9.90) a month, and will include all past, present and future HBO programming. it comes as apple is believed to be preparing a new version of the TV box that can run apps for a June launch.
shadow Welsh secretary Owen Smith expressed regret that the party cannot ‘get rid’ of the Trident nuclear deterrent. around three quarters of labour candidates back scrapping Trident. but the party has committed to maintaining the deterrent in its manifesto.
labour has jumped to 35 per cent, up one point from last month. the tories meanwhile remain stuck on 33 per cent, according to the pollsters. only a third of the public see the labour leader as a 'capable leader'
the first president to visit Jamaica in three decades made an unscheduled late night visit to the museum dedicated to the island's most famous son. on a tour of the house where the reggae legend lived until his death in 1981, Obama was shown a trophy room where the late reggae star's Grammys and platinum records were on display. 'what a wonderful tour,' the president told museum guide Natasha Clark. 'i still have all the albums'
model posted a picture of herself to Instagram showing off her stretch marks. the 29-year-old said: 'bruises from bumping kitchen drawer handles for a week. stretchies say hi!' singer pink hit back at critics who fat shamed her for an outfit she wore to a recent charity event. she jokingly referred to herself as cheesecake and said she felt beautiful.
Hamza parvez, 22, has been living in a house with a group of unmarried fighters in the Islamic state de-facto capital city of raqqa in Syria. he is known as Abu Hamza al-britani. his best friend Abu mariya al-belgiki, a Belgian fighter, recently bought himself a pet to help with his loneliness.
the australian navy is allegedly in the process of returning up to 50 asylum seekers to their home country. the detainees are being transported in secret via a supply ship currently on stand-by off the coast of Vietnam. the HMAS Choules would cost $2.8 million to operate for the two-week return journey to Vietnam. the asylum seekers were intercepted earlier in April, and are being returned through the port of Vung Tau, south of ho Chi minh city.
disgraced former governor was sentenced to two years in prison and his wife, Maureen, to one year and a day. they were convicted in a joint trial in september of accepting more than $165,000 in gifts and loans from former star scientific CEO Jonnie Williams. 'Governor McDonnell never promised anything and never did anything besides extend to Williams the sorts of routine courtesies elected officials throughout the country extend to donors and benefactors every day,' their lawyers wrote in a
protestors gathered to get high and call for cannabis to be legalised. four officers took down and restrained a tracksuit-wearing man. crowds met this afternoon as part of the annual '420' event. global celebration of cannabis calls for reform to drug laws.
anti-islam protests in australia turned violent after clashes with anti-racism activists who burnt the country's flag. police were forced to separate the Reclaim australia supporters and opponents of the group in Melbourne. the protests came as companies seeking to label their foods halal - must pay fees to Islamic organisations for inspection and certification.
Remy dufrene, 3, was in the kitchen with his grandmother when he ran out the back door as she was pouring him a glass of milk. the old woman tried to chase after the young boy, but soon after there was a loud scream as he fell into the drainage ditch. the boy's father searched for his son but it took him 15 minutes to find him in the water. emergency workers spent almost an hour trying to resuscitate the boy to no avail.
wardens say they are expected to carry out extra duties for no extra money. public and commercial services union said staff are also asked to perform extra duties for free, such as leading paid-for tours. 76 wardens out of 180 at the castle will now refuse to host tours.
Liam dawe, 21, was born a healthy child but suffered serious complications. he was violently shaken as a four week old and developed cerebral palsy. he died at Derriford hospital in Plymouth last year from 'intra-abdominal sepsis' coroner said: 'on balance of probability, his health was compromised'
the 40-year-old's son Cooper blue and daughter. Kingsley rainbow were born on monday via a surrogate. a spokesperson for the couple added that 'her parents, fashion icons. Ralph and Ricky Lauren, are overjoyed to welcome their first grandchildren and witness their daughter usher in the next generation'
Tanguy pepiot, a steeplechase runner for the university of Oregon, had a clear lead on rival Meron Simon, who competes for the university of washington. but the distance evaporated after pepiot raised his hands in pre-emptive joy, with less than 100m to go. the gesture seemed to sap some of his momentum, opening the way for Simon to speed towards the finish line, and beat him by a tenth of a second.
between Friday and Sunday 5,629 migrants were picked up in the Sicilian channel. it is the first port of call for migrants seeking new lives in european. 160,000 made the journey last year, often on unseaworthy vessels. nine bodies recovered after boat carrying 150 people capsized off Libya.
more than half the members of a group of 28 industrialised nations reduced their aid budget between 2013 and 2014. despite this, the UK increased its spend by 1.2% to £11.7billion in 2014. out of every £100 spent by these countries on overseas aid, no less than £14 now comes from the uk.
the first year that Coachella has installed permanent restrooms, but even nicer-looking facilities could still be harboring germs. festival-goers run the risk of picking up illnesses like the flu, norovirus, salmonella, and even hepatitis A.
foreign-born blacks made up 3.1% of the black population in 1980. in 2013, they accounted for 8.7% of the group, according to the pew research center. immigrants from Jamaica and Haiti make up a third of the black immigrant population. about 50% of the black immigrant population hail from the Caribbean.
those living in constituency have seen average income tax bills jump by 8 per cent. they paid the most income tax in 2012/13, with bills averaging £16,900. average annual income is £59,600 - more than £30,000 above average salary. other top five highest income tax-paying constituencies are in home counties.
Google Wallet users' funds will now be federally-insured. funds will be stored in multiple federally-insured banking institutions. good news for people who place large amounts of money in Wallet Balance.
'dozens' of id cards belonging to cadets found at late dictator's compound. 1,700 recruits were slaughtered by sunni ISIS militants last summer. families have been left wondering what happened to their sons and brothers.
Afzal khan is accused of conning a string of customers and financial firms. federal agents fear he may have fled the country and have offered a $20,000 reward for information leading to his arrest. he is accused of obtaining loans from a bank for cars that he never delivered, but for which the purchaser was still responsible.
Jackson byrnes was diagnosed with a stage four brain tumour three weeks ago. the 18-year-old was told it was too deep and aggressive to be safely operated on. his family took matters into their own hands and found the only neurosurgeon to perform the risky operation. after nine days of campaigning online, the teenager is just under $4,000 away from achieving his $80,000 target.
Nicolas diaz, 81, allegedly intervened after his granddaughter's ex-boyfriend got into a dispute at their home in Bushwick, new york. he allegedly stabbed Kevin rivera, 21, with a knife, before fleeing the scene. when medics arrived at the property, they discovered him with a chest wound. he has since been charged with manslaughter and criminal possession of a weapon in relation to the killing.
home secretary theresa may wants to kick illegal immigrants and foreign criminals out of the country. eight judges of the european court of human rights have ruled that Russia was justified in deporting a 45-year-old man. he went to live in the country more than 20 years ago and has a Russian wife and son.
six-year-old girl sexually assaulted by boy of same age in classroom and playground. but police are powerless to act because age of criminal responsibility is ten. girl's mother blasted school for refusing to remove boy from daughter's class. she has now had to move girl, who cannot be identified, to another school.
Timothy norris-jones, 59, assaulted 92-year-old mother at her home. left her with bruises on face and cut on wrist that needed stitches. told police injuries were caused when she fell and said he 'caught her face' handed restraining order banning him from spending time alone with her. judge noel Lucas, sentencing, branded attack 'horrific'
jennie Anne and Raymond Keith Kehlet were last seen on march 22. they were last seen in an area called table top near the gold prospecting and mining town of Sandstone, some 730km north east of Perth. police are focusing on a search area of 10 square kilometres. a search aircraft with forward looking infrared equipment has examined an area of 625 square kilometres so far.
footage appears to show the winger breathing in the gas nitrous oxide. he is then seen apparently passing out as giggling friends look on. drugs charity has called on the player to condemn the use of the drug.
lawyers have warned that the differences in defamation law in northern ireland mean controversial us expose HBO's 'Going clear' might not be broadcast. the film alleges abusive practices at the religion's us headquarters. it was due to premiere in the uk earlier this month to coincide with its american release. but the fact that northern ireland is not subject to the 2013 Defamation act means sky is set to postpone or cancel the show entirely. this is because it could expose
Kim copeland, 52, was walking home from local sainsbury's store in coventry. she threw the used cigarette on the ground before two council officers came. issued with a £50 fixed penalty notice but refused to pay it within 10 days. she was then ordered to appear at Nuneaton magistrates' court on march 17. she was then fined £304 by magistrates and ordered to pay £200 court costs.
sources said the four-man team spends its days devising and testing different technologies from the flexible to the wearable. google has been working on similar projects since 2012 when former apple battery expert Dr Ramesh Bhardwaj began leading a testing team.
synthetic marijuana, also known as 'K2' or 'Mojo', is sweeping the city, with 160 people admitted to hospital in nine days. over 120 of those people were admitted to emergency rooms in the same week. the cannabinoid is predominantly abused by teenagers and typically sold over-the-counter as incense or potpourri.
more than half of uk children don't have any veg, and 44 per cent have no fruit on a daily basis. ninety percent of children go through at least one lengthy stage of fussy eating.
campaigners, police chiefs and MPs accused her of ignoring victims. even one of her predecessors said allegations should have been resolved in 'full public glare of a courtroom' rather than her london office.
culture and media secretary promises legislation to force distributors to put effective age verification technology in place. if porn websites fail to comply, they will be blocked by a powerful new regulator.
catalina viejo, 31, paints miniature pictures from candid paparazzi shots. has painted 42 tiny pictures, which are the size of a postage stamp. named each work with just the celebrity's first name, making each piece more personal.
outspoken comedian has appealed to this fans to sign up to the mercy campaign to save condemned Bali nine duo from facing death row. brand labels the pair's efforts to smuggle 8kg of heroin out of Indonesia as 'daft' while the pair await their fate on what is infamously dubbed as 'execution island' in Java. 'these Aussie blokes are going to be killed soon for a bit of daft drug smu
women's race has been held since 1927 further up river at henley. after years of campaigning for equal billing, they were finally given equality with the men.
levar Jones, 36, was stopped at a gas station in south carolina. he followed instructions to produce his driver's license and was shot in the stomach. officer Sean Groubert, 31, has been sacked and charged with felony assault.
baby was found on the floor of the roach infested apartment in bartlesville, oklahoma, with bites on her legs and head. mother, 27-year-old Brittany Cherokee dawn bell, initially said she had put the baby in a crib and then found her dead later on. she then changed her story and admitted to laying the baby on the floor nearby. the medical examiner listed the cause of death as sudden unexplained infant death with the manner of death un
the high-flyer is on course to lose his seat to the Scottish nationalists. he would be one of the highest-profile casualties of the SNP surge. other party stalwarts likely to be ennobled after the election are former leaders Charles Kennedy who may lose his seat of Ross, Skye and Lochaber.
Dutch and canadian scientists asked nearly 100 men and women to fill in a questionnaire every time they spent at least five minutes talking to someone else.
Francis pusok, 30, seen falling off horse he was suspected of stealing. seconds later, two deputies catch up to him and stun him with Taser. stun him again, and again, as he lies splayed face-down on ground. as camera keeps rolling, officers apparently kick him in head and crotch. deputies then whisper in suspect's ear: 'this isn't over,' says attorney. now, 10 deput
counterfeit drug gang jailed after raking in £10million by selling fake Viagra. judge described it as a 'highly organised, large-scale criminal enterprise' gang offered cheap erectile dysfunction pills to customers around the world.
churchill downs, which hosts the 141st running of the Kentucky Derby on may 2 has banned the use of selfie sticks by attendees. the pole-like contraptions that grasp cellphones and allow people a longer reach to snap their self-portraits are a safety measure to protect the horses and the massive crowd. other events such as the coachella and lollapalooza music festivals also have banned their use.
Elena udrea, 41, was investigated over claims she accepted bribes. she was tourism minister between 2008 and 2009. former economy minister Ion Ariton also charged with abuse of power.
face wipes have long been a lazy part of our beauty regime. but a new range of wipes now promises to retexturise and brighten skin. infused with exfoliating glycolic and fruit acids and skin-soothers. dermatologist puts some of these new-generation wipes to the test.
the 71-year-old has been a long-time supporter of the democratic party. said if former secretary of state is voted into white house there will be 'no surprises' joined by american producer and tribeca film festival co-founder Jane Rosenthal.
'i ain't never had no trouble with none of 'em' - florida. 'yer lugs needs washed' in scotland and 'ne mon nule don hum no good', in aylesbury. 'you are so in the doghouse for that on' in new york. 'didn't nobody help him' in san jose, while 'i'm so totally over this'
Abdul hadi arwani, 48, lured to upmarket street on pretence of providing quote. but when imam arrived, killer got into Volkswagen passat and shot him. murder bears hallmarks of professional assassination because gunman was thought to have used silencer. counter-terrorism officers investigating whether preacher was murdered on orders of regime.
the 28-year-old, who hails from new jersey, had her car towed from the parking lot of a Chinese restaurant in Arlington, va. the verbal attack was captured on a security camera as she paid to pick the vehicle up at the tow lot office. 'i’m in the news, sweetheart, I will f----g sue this place,' McHenry can be heard saying in the video. the parking attendant can be heard in the video warning McH
swastika and the word'scum' were sprayed in white paint on the window. a 'q' was also added to the blue front door, which some said stands for quisling - a person who collaborates with an enemy. comes six months after buildings and polling stations were defaced.
rare element lawrencium currently sits at the very bottom of the periodic table. researchers have now been able to test how much energy is required to strip an electron from an atom of the radioactive element. results suggest the element may have properties similar to sodium and potassium, which may fuel arguments that it would be better placed in the main body of the periodic table.
top-secret operation was launched to protect the heir to the throne from a feared terror attack by terrorists campaigning for Welsh independence. government sent officers from the met to Wales to run a secret unit that would spy on the extremists. targets of the operation were members of the nationalist groups Movement for the defence of Wales (MAC) and the free Wales army (fwa)
Birmingham officers responded to a phone call about a burglary in progress on the 300 block of Memphis street in Wylam around 8:45 a.m. on sunday. on searching the property police found the 28-year-old suspect inside. the man was put in handcuffs with his hands behind his back and placed in the back of a police cruiser. while medics were treating an officer for a cut, the suspect managed to get his hands in front of him and climb into the front seat
map reveals average yearly counts of lightning flashes per square kilometre from 1995 to 2013. the results show that the highest amounts of lightning flashes occur in the far eastern Democratic Republic of Congo and lake maracaibo in northwestern Venezuela. the map was created using data from Nasa’s Tropical Rainfall Measuring Mission satellite, and the orbview-1/microlab satellite.
former australian prime minister and his wife therese rein have said goodbye to their family home in Brisbane's east. the couple slashed over $100,000 off the asking price to pocket $1.14 million. the house was snatched up by applied economics professor uwe dulleck, who already owns a home in the area with his wife Monica.
Ryan skivington took the pets out of their cage during a row with the girl's mother. the 26-year-old today admitted criminal damage to the guinea pigs. also admitted assaulting his former partner at her home in blackpool.
maps were created by the eco experts using the world bank's World development indicator for deforestation and biodiversity figures. Indonesia tops the list of countries with the most threatened mammals, followed by Madagascar and mexico. deforestation in the region is leaving many species at risk, including orangutans and critically endangered sumatran tigers and rhinos.
Precious Richardson Coleman, 29, turned herself in to police and is held on $750,000 for attempted murder and related charges. family members say precious Coleman thought 24-year-old 'dee dee' spence was trying to steal her boyfriend. Coleman's 2004 white dodge durango hopped the curb and struck both spence and her uncle, 37-year-old damon Watson. Spence had her right leg amputated below the knee.
monsour alshammari, 27, is in the u.s. on a Saudi government student sponsorship and has ties to the country's royal family, according to court documents. he was picked up by immigration and customs enforcement on Friday and a judge in provo signed an arrest warrant to extradite him back to Utah. alshammari had been charged on April 3 with rape, a first-degree felony, and obstructing justice, a second-degree felony.
more than 100 letters exchanged between. Brooke and an art student called phyllis. Phyllis first saw Brooke on the london to. cambridge train in 1911. she then carried the sketch around. Cambridge, showing it to anyone who might be able to identify him. Phyllis’s secret memoir of their relationship, written in 1918, adds her own comments.
Providenciales, in the Turks and caicos, was named the best island in the world. the island, north-east of Cuba, beat Maui in Hawaii and Roatan in honduras. rounding out the top five were Santorini in Greece and Ko Tao in Thailand.
callum Butler was born at just 25 weeks into his mother's pregnancy. his mother, 42, was told an infection called bacterial vaginosis was to blame. BV affects one in three women, making it twice as common as thrush. it occurs when the balance of internal bacteria is disrupted. if untreated, it can lead to fertility problems and increased risk of STIs.
Sarah hulbert, 59, claims she was treated differently from her male co-workers during her time as an executive assistant at Bates college in 2012. she worked for president a. Clayton. Spencer for a little longer than a month. in her complaint, hulbert wrote that she was fired for having 'no pizzazz' and was expected to engage in activities with the president. she claims she suffered a financial loss and a human loss due to 'gender discrimination
hat-trick in the prestigious London press club awards is unprecedented for a quality, family newspaper. judges gave the award to The mail on Sunday ahead of fellow nominees The Sunday times and independent on Sunday.
Kim rose, 57, was alleged to have bribed voters with sausage rolls. he was questioned by police over an alleged criminal offence of 'treating' but he will face no further action - but could be arrested if he tries it again. he has now criticised the 'absolutely ridiculous' police investigation.
images captured by the dawn probe from 28,000 miles (45,000km) away. they show two mysterious bright flashes on the dwarf planet's surface. at thermal infrared, the spot is dark compared to the rest of the planet. in visible light, region 1 is cooler than surroundings, but 5 is warmer. last month, scientists said this pair of mysterious bright spots could be towering 'water volcanoes' but they said they need to take a closer look to confirm this.
madonna's new black crocodile handbag has caused a stir for its seemingly drug-related slogan, the word 'dealer' spelled out in bling diamond lettering. the pop legend shared a picture of her new bag on Instagram on Sunday.
Cathleen hackney, 56, allegedly told funeral directors there were no objections. no-one attended the early morning cremation of her son, jurors heard. hackney denies making a false representation to procure the burning of human remains.
Trinity Culley secretly watched 'one born every minute' in her bedroom. but when her mother's waters broke two weeks early she sprang into action. she calmly collected towels and reassured her mum everything would be okay. within minutes she had helped deliver her baby sister, jasmin Elizabeth-rose.
police in Maryland are hunting for a 'heartless' thief who stole a four-year-old boy's wheelchair in the middle of the night. the youngster's mother left the buggy in the lobby of their building on Merrimac drive, Langley park, as usual on Sunday evening. but when she went to retrieve the stroller the following morning, it had reportedly disappeared.
Alexandra allen, from Utah suffers with the condition aquagenic urticaria, which is so rare it affects just 35 people in the whole world. the symptoms can last from a few hours to a week after exposure.
warning: graphic content. three men accused of murder waited for their deaths at the hands of insurgents. they were blindfolded and handcuffed on a barren hilltop in eastern afghanistan. fighters loomed over the men, before firing successive shots at point-blank range. as their lifeless bodies collapsed onto the ground, plumes of dust shot into the air. a huge crowd, including children, gathered to witness the public killings
Tony Hatch and Jackie Trent were married for more than three decades. they wrote chart-topping hits for some of the world's biggest stars. they also created the memorable theme tune of australian soap Neighbours. but when she died last month, he was expected to be at her funeral. but he was banned by her second husband, Colin Gregory, who accuses him of breaking his wife's heart.
mother and ten ducklings tried to cross busy high street in west Midlands. staff at recruitment firm rushed to help them across but ducks followed them. they wandered around office corridors and drank from water bowls.
Jason McDonald, 34, from Aurora, Colorado, walked the thin rope line over a pool containing more than 50 alligators. he said he thought this would be an interesting new way of interacting with the fearsome creatures.
primatologists working in Ntokou-pikounda national park have captured the first ever picture of the Bouvier's red colobus monkey. the primate was first discovered in 1887 and is only known from three specimens. researchers now hope to study the monkey in an attempt to learn more about it.
the newly-opened hotel, Maison souquet, is situated in the trendy Pigalle district of the city. inspired by the turn-of-the-century pleasures houses that were frequented by socialites and aesthetes. the 20-room hotel is tucked away behind an unmarked facade and signalled only by two red lanterns.
farryn johnson was fired from a Maryland hooters in 2013 sued the 'breastaurant' - and is now set to receive thousands of dollars from an arbitration ruling. she claims a supervisor at the Baltimore restaurant where she worked had an issue with her blonde highlights. an arbitrator determined she was let go illegally and as a result of racial discrimination.
officials ordered 250,000 birds to be slaughtered in Telangana, india. the cull included destroying hundreds of thousands of infected eggs. bird feed was burned and the sites were thoroughly disinfected.
scientists in china have introduced DNA changes to reproductive cells. this means any changes made will be carried on into future generations. many scientists have reacted with horror at the idea, for fear it could be misused to allow parents to'select' the genes they will pass on to their grandchildren. others argue the technology could also be used to rid families of devastating inherited diseases like cystic fibrosis or certain cancers.
EE's wi-fi calling feature enables calls and texts to be made on the tube. the technology works when there is no mobile signal on the network. it is the first roll out of the technology throughout europe.
ruben Costa, 35, pleaded guilty to impersonating a member of the police force. he was only handed a two-month suspended sentence. the incident occurred when the northern territory man returned home from work to find his wife had left him, taking their son and possessions.
Khloe, 30, has revealed she's lost 13 pounds in three months. reveals she works out five days a week and changes up her workouts. has a very particular beauty regime. has blonder locks, a flawless face and honed physique.
officer jared forsyth, 33, had been a member of the Ocala police department since 2012. he was wearing a bulletproof vest, but the round entered through his arm and went through his chest, police said. he was rushed to hospital in critical condition and immediately taken into surgery, but he later died.
married couple Jessica Kensky and Patrick downes lost limbs in the 2013 marathon. they today opposed the death penalty as a means of punishment for their attacker, urging others to 'overcome the impulse for vengeance' the couple's statement of compassion follows a similar appeal made by the family of an eight-year-old boy, Martin Richard, who was killed in the blast. his seven-year-old sister, Jane, lost a leg.
in the summer of 2014 she started noticing some symptoms such as fatigue and shortness of breath, but didn't know what was plaguing her. she started visiting specialists, but no one could help her out. turns out the 30-year-old singer was suffering from Lyme disease, which is the debilitating bacterial infection that comes from a tick bite.
german discounter has won an increasing share of the market since the recession. it now lags behind only the 'big four' - Tesco, asda, sainsbury's and the co-operative.
model and chef Chrissy Teigen posted a picture of her stretch marks to Instagram. the 29-year-old is seen cross-legged after an all-day cooking session. she says: 'Bruises from bumping kitchen drawer handles for a week. stretchies say hi!' since then hundreds of women have taken to the social networking site. posted their images along with the hashtag #loveyourlines.
Natalia moon moved to the Philippines in 2012 after struggling to find work. she became fluent in the local language, tagalog, in the hope of becoming a star. the 23-year-old landed a major role in 2014 playing a catty maid, also named Natalia, in the new sitcom 'ismol family' this year, she unsuccessfully auditioned for Asia's got talent, in the hope of representing the Philippines.
move would apply in pubs, clubs, supermarkets and off-licences in scotland. experts say more action is needed to tackle 'hazardous alcohol consumption'
Gabrielle yinka saunders, 32, used credit cards to pay for £10,000 wedding. also spent £5,000 on luxury honeymoon in the seychelles. she was arrested at heathrow when she returned from the honeymoon. but she has been spared jail despite being convicted of fraud twice.
Michelle manhart, 38, was arrested at Valdosta state university, georgia. she was handcuffed by police and driven off in a patrol car on friday. video shows her struggling with officers, who force her to the ground. she says the flag belongs to 'the entire united states'
the 25-year-old cousin of princes william and harry looked casually chic in a charcoal leather-trim coat and Nike hoodie. the young royal, who lives three and a half thousand miles away from her family in the uk, celebrated her 25th birthday last month.
Narcocon, a Church of Scientology-backed drug rehab network, wants to turn a patch of land near camp david into a drug rehab center. the 40-acre plot of land in Frederick county, Maryland, has historic significance because president hoover once caught a fish there. opponents view the proposed designation as a trick to circumvent current zoning laws and create a drug rehabilitation program that some call dangerous.
mountain bike athletes were captured taking huge leaps as the sun went down over Portland rock, an island off the coast of weymouth. the group included renowned professional trial bike riders Jack Gear, 25, Andrei Burton, 29, and Joe seddon, 19. they were unfazed by the choppy waters just 10 metres below as they leapt from one jagged rock to another.
Marc macrae was election agent for the. SNP’s Westminster leader Angus Robertson. he said the party showed compassion for the. Lockerbie bomber but ostracised him. like terrorist abdelbaset al. mohmed al megrahi, he was diagnosed with prostate cancer.
café hopes customers will pay more attention to the growing pollution issue. label is put on every table to alert customers about the surcharge. Fantasy café is located in downtown hangzhou, the provincial capital of zhejiang province.
students at a Melbourne high school have been drinking recycled water from a bubbler on campus for more than a year. the bubbler had been dispensing recycled water for 16 months. 'Class A' recycled water is sewage that has been treated to a standard that’s safe for watering gardens, washing clothes and flushing toilets. an investigation has been launched by the department of health and human services.
Kingston road in stockton is the backdrop for the latest series of the channel 4 documentary. residents claim housing bosses have ordered the makeover in anticipation of the show's release. they say street will look 'completely different' to anyone who visits after watching show. housing association said the works had been planned well in advance.
Tabitha Bennett allegedly encouraged her daughter to fight another girl. two bystanders recorded the fight on their cell phones. she was arrested and charged with child abuse, assault and battery offenses.
four members of the phi Kappa psi fraternity were busted by police. they were stopped for an expired tag on the I-10 in mobile county. officers found nearly 2,000 cans of beer, ten litres of spirits and several litres of wine. they were heading to spring break celebrations in Gulf shores, alaska.
Matt pliska, who has down syndrome, asked his best friend, michelle snell, to be his prom date last year. on their big night, the juniors from waupaca, Michigan, made an emotional statement when they were photographed holding a sign that read:'real friends don't count chromosomes' referring to the fact that Down syndrome occurs when an individual has an extra copy of chromosome 21. since the news outlet first shared the heartwarming picture of Matt
Jenna Louise driscoll has been charged with having sex with a dog. the 25-year-old lashed out and hit a photographer over the head with a bottle. she has also been charged with trafficking and possession of a dangerous drug. police found the videos of her allegedly having sex with a dog.
lib dem leader promises to'spread the burden' of deficit reduction. cuts to welfare and whitehall budgets along with tax rises aimed at wealthy. car tax would rise by £25-a-year but he scaled back plans for a mansion tax. fears it could cost party support in key seats in affluent parts of london.
Robert Kirkland, who founded the home decor store that bears his last name, died on Saturday morning in union city, tennessee. he donated the money to found the Discovery park of America education center and tourist spot in Tennessee. his son said: 'he was a man who loved learning and was always curious about how things worked'
Iceland has been used in filming as far back as 1920. scenes from interstellar were filmed atop the blue ice glacier in the Skaftafell national park. the dettifoss waterfall was used in the opening scenes of prometheus.
how to be a young billionaire follows three young entrepreneurs. dattch is a dating app designed for lesbian, bisexual and curious women. the 28-year-old came out as bisexual in her 20s but struggled to find a girlfriend.
model-turned-jihadist sharky jama has reportedly been shot dead in Syria. his father, dada jama, confirmed his death to broadcaster Ibrahim Mohamed. the department of foreign affairs was unable to confirm his death as its capacity was 'extremely limited' tributes to the young man flooded social media.
mother-of-two Marie. csaszar, 45, died last. september following a ten-year battle with a brain tumour. she had worked for seven years at the BBC’s financial centre in. Cardiff as a contracts manager. according to her husband she was forced out of the post into another job after drawing attention to management blunders.
the 65-year-old, who was diagnosed with stage four lung cancer after his release last year, was too weak to stand when former prosecutor marty stroud visited his home last week. 'i want you to know that I am very sorry,' he said during the somber meeting. 'it still cost me 31 years of my life and then nothing at the end but death because they give me from six to eight months to live,' he added. 'i can't
social media exploded with tributes and pictures of yellow wedding dresses. it comes after police located a body at cocoparra national park, in the riverina region of NSW on friday night. it is believed to be the 26-year-old who went missing just days before she was due to marry her fiancé and partner of five years. her sister asked attendees of a memorial picnic on Saturday to 'wear yellow' in memory of Stephanie. the hashtag #StephanieScott was trending
pub landlord Paul Harris was arrested last July on suspicion of perverting the course of justice. north Yorkshire police said 47-year-old man had been released from bail conditions. he provided information to detectives which has progressed investigation. miss Lawrence was 35 when she disappeared in march 2009.
the 53-year-old has said she wants to stay for at least another year. but it emerged that two investors and a leading shareholder group have voted to get rid of her. there are claims that HSBC’s Swiss operation helped wealthy clients hide billions from the taxman.
particular jokes have to go through 'quite a lot of layers' to be approved. some jokes even have to be looked over by director general Lord hall. cautious attitude comes after 'difficult few years' following Sachsgate.
Tulip siddiq was at the Kremlin with her aunt, the hardline leader of Bangladesh. she was photographed alongside putin and sheikh hasina, the prime minister of Bangladesh and Ms Siddiq's mother. but the tories accused her of trying to conceal her extraordinary links to Putin and sheikh hasina.
wikileaks released searchable database of 170,000 emails and 30,000 other documents stolen from Sony Pictures last year. assange said that the information belongs online because it shows the inner workings of an international company. he also said that the entertainment giant has links to the democratic party and the american'military industrial complex'
'Vulcan Aerospace' will look after the space programs of Stratolaunch systems. this includes an ambitious project to launch spacecraft and probes into orbit from of a huge carrier aircraft with a wingspan of 385ft (117 metres) the plane will climb to 30,000 feet and launch a rocket at high altitude, avoiding the huge fuel costs of launching from Earth. this will then go into orbit as normal and deliver a satellite.
the 26-year-old was chosen by the brand last year thanks to her'modern, cool and quintessentially British edge' in the new shoot to promote the brand's contouring range.
Grant Allen, 38, travelled first class around the world with his girlfriend. bought a holiday home on the Costa del sol, spain, using criminally gained money. stayed at top hotels on at least eight holidays costing £30,000 between 2006 and 2010. splurged £8,700 on a holiday to florida in 2009 when he took his girlfriend and children to Disney world.
Jason cotterill, 42, bombarded his victim with messages over the internet. he threatened to post a sex video of her on her facebook page. the mother said her life became a living 'hell' as he bombarded her. cotterill knew his victim from childhood and knew she made sex tapes. he was jailed last week at Birmingham magistrates' court.
the Mudgeeraba Caravan Village is home to more than 100 people. it has been the site of a fatal house fire, stabbings, brawls, and continual violence. police patrol the site daily due to the extreme level of incidents. ambulance officers will only enter the caravan park under police protection.
the Todd family - a 36-year-old father and his seven children aged six to 15 - were tragically killed as they slept in their princess Anne home. father rodney Todd was raising the children after divorcing their mother in November. the six-hour funeral service brought 1,200 people to the Ella Fitzgerald auditorium at the university of Maryland Eastern shore on Saturday to pay their respects to the family.
the tv personality wrote a letter to her mother Sharon in the new book A Letter to My Mom. other famous moms include will.i.am, Christy Turlington burns, and the duchess of york.
the Fanuc CR-35iA claims to be the first 'heavy-lifting industrial collaborative robot' to work with humans without the need for safety fences. it uses integrated vision technology called iRVision to keep an eye on humans and automatically stops if it touches an operator. robot can lift objects weighing up to 77 lbs (35kg) and could be used in a number of industries, from warehouses to production lines.
nurse Victorino Chua penned what he called a 'bitter nurse confession' he spelled out 'how an angel can turn to an evil person', jury hears. he is accused of killing three patients by contaminating their saline drips with insulin and deliberately poisoning 18 others at stepping hill hospital in stockport.
a federal jury in salt lake city on Thursday awarded more than $270,000 to marcia Eisenhour after finding that former justice court judge Craig Storey violated her right to equal protection. Storey wrote in 2007, 'i'd love to harvest your sweet grapes,' and called Eisenhour the'most gorgeous thing alive' storey testified that he never intended for her to find or read the poem.
princess beatrice seen at the Bahrain grand prix, her fourth holiday in a month. 26-year-old was in the Gulf state with boyfriend Dave Clark, according to an onlooker. royal receives no public funding but her jet-set lifestyle has raised eyebrows.
Indianara carvalho, 23, had hymen surgery last year to'restore' her virginity. accompanied the racy photo with the phrase: 'good friday. Lord, on this day I ask for peace, love, wisdom and strength' the image, just one of a series of nude body-painted shots she shared over the Easter weekend, attracted more than 750 'likes', as well as a tirade of disapproval from her followers.
Lee Thompson, co-founder of the flash pack, captures the wacky things people carry on the back of a motorbike or scooter in southeast asia. in Vietnam alone there are more than 37 million motorbikes or scooters, most definitely the vehicle of choice in traffic. in a series of images from a single 14-day trip, he photographs a man casually puffing on a cigarette and carrying 20 live chickens in weaved baskets.
Claudia martins, 33, wept as she walked free after a judge accepted she had a'momentary abnormality of mental functioning'. a court heard she was suffering from a 'pathological denial of pregnancy' which continued after giving birth to a baby girl. she 'intended' to dispose of the tragic baby's body unnoticed, wrapping it in a plastic bag and towels, but was prevented from doing so by paramedics.
Kurt Ludwigsen, 43, is accused of kissing, harassing and touching 13 of his players during his time at Nyack college. he is facing 44 counts of forcible touching of another's sexual parts, 49 counts of harassment involving unwanted physical contact and one count of sexual abuse.
Gloria Ross, 84, spent 30 years in the nhs as a nurse. found with distorted face when visited by grandson Wayne Wilkins, 25. but when he asked nurses for help, they said Mrs Ross was 'just tired' when he called his mother, she rushed to hospital and pleaded with nurses. it was not until an hour had passed that she was assessed by a doctor. but she never regained full consciousness and died two weeks later.
Earl Olander, 90, was found covered in cuts and bruises in his own home. police believe he was beaten to death and his home had been ransacked. they have offered a $1,000 reward for information leading to an arrest. neighbours described him as a'stand-up person' and wonderful role model.
the winning punter, who comes from mittagong in southern new south Wales, discovered his good fortune on Tuesday evening. the man, who chose not to be named, said he and his wife had been'struggling' before the win.
Vijaya gadde said the social network had let internet abuse go 'unchecked' she said Twitter had tripled the size of the team that deals with online abuse.
violent thugs caught on camera smashing windscreens with a cinder block. owner of la marina auto sales in Dearborn Heights, michigan, just wants to know why his business was targeted.
'gulnaz' was only 16-years-old when she fell pregnant with asadullah's child. her brothers insisted she would not be allowed to return to her'shamed' family. court sentenced her to two years in prison for 'adultery by force' but she married the rapist and is now pregnant with his third child. says she only agreed to marry him so her daughter could live a normal life.
department of foreign affairs and trade workers were given an 'announcement' on a big TV screen that their workplace was being closed and moved to Melbourne. 30 low-ranking employees were told they needed to apply for expressions of interest if they wanted to keep their jobs. DFAT has since reprimanded the staff member responsible for the stunt.
megan huntsman, 40, pleaded guilty to murdering six of her children. meth addict strangled newborns and dumped their bodies in garage. today she was sentenced to six terms of five years to life in prison. her surviving daughters have rallied round her despite the heinous crimes. huntsman's estranged husband Darren found the bodies in April last year. he is not considered a suspect in the deaths of the seven children.
five-year-old darius is 4ft long and weighs just under 3st. he is the king of the continental giant breed. aged only one, Jeff is already 3ft 8in long and weighs 2st.
passenger captured the moment two planes landed at the same time. wheels touch the tarmac at the same time at san francisco airport. planes measure their approach almost identically to each other.
Cpl. burt hazeltine, 36, was directing traffic on us 90 near Louisiana street in the town of paradis, just west of new orleans, when he was shot three times in the face, elbow and eye. a male suspect, later identified as 56-year-old former transportation safety administration worker Paul Devillier, was arrested a short time later after a brief 'tussle' with officers. police say he does not have a criminal record but they suspect
Zeus, an 11-year-old retired K-9 officer, was honored in a grand procession in Ridgefield, ct, on wednesday. the german shepherd was put down because of a severe degenerative hip disorder and declining health. the tribute for the police dog, who worked with the Ridgefield police department for eight years as a K-9 officer, began around 4.45pm and ended at the veterinary hospital.
tuning forks are pieces of metal that make different pitched sounds when struck. vibrations are said to tighten sagging skin and eradicate dark circles. offered at the upmarket Hale clinic in london and other clinics nationwide.
shadow chancellor said he would not make 'unfunded and uncosted commitments' comes after tories pledged to increase spending by £8billion a year by 2020. but he refused to say how he will find the £8billion needed to fund service. he said: 'i'll save the NHS but i'm not going to make promises'
woman walked to the Kosciuszko bridge from the Brooklyn side just before noon on monday. she climbed over a railing and stood on a section of metal piping barely wide enough to fit her feet 125 feet above newtown creek. police spent more than two hours talking to the woman and trying to calm her down. she agreed to be rescued and was lifted off the bridge'so she could be with her'
fiona cullum, 25, provided a safe haven for hassan hussain and yassin james. they gunned down nursery teacher Sabrina Moss in the street in 2013. cullum then lied to police when quizzed about hussain after he was arrested. she sheltered the killers 'hours after the murder' before telling officers she did not remember them being in her home. judge spare
Annegret Raunigk, 65, from Berlin, already has 13 children by five different fathers. her latest pregnancy was the result of artificial insemination. she said she was'shocked' when an ultrasound scan revealed quadruplets.
74 known cases of progeria around the world and only 4 in the uk. causes people to age eight times faster than the usual rate. more than 250 mourners gathered at all saints church in bexhill-on-sea. in letter to Hayley's parents he described her as 'an inspiration to millions'
pest control company mortein has copped a spray after linking its product to the tragic murder of school teacher Stephanie Scott. the post was quickly attacked by people who dubbed it insensitive. 'there's a time and a place for everything, and mortein had no place in posting an ad tying into Stephanie Scott,' one user tweeted. another post said the post was a 'rubbish' effort to use 'a grassroots social media movement for a murdered woman for social
developers in los angeles have designed a case that adds the iconic directional arrows, plus the A and B buttons, from the Nintendo Game Boy, to an iphone. called smart boy, the attachment also lets gamers play their existing Game Boy and Game Boy color games cartridges on their handset. it was originally devised as part of an April fool's joke, but the popularity and demand for a real product was so high the company has announced plans to sell a consumer version.
a photojournalist who grew up in an ultra orthodox home in israel has revealed the fascinating rituals and customs performed by his community. yaakov naumi's photographs include a man lying in a grave to prolong life, a chicken being walked on a piece of string and men tying a rope to a bride and dancing around her. he admitted that some of the rituals, when viewed with the eyes of an outsider, 'look
Davion only, 16, spent his entire life in foster care after his mother gave birth to him behind bars. he captured hearts in 2013 when he stood before his church and made a plea for a family to 'love him forever' he has finally found a permanent home with his old caseworker connie bell going and her family.
Matt staopera misplaced his cellphone in new york city. it ended up in the hands of Li Hongjun in southeastern china. when he got to china he was granted almost celebrity status.
police say 1-year-old malijah grant was shot in the head while sitting in a car seat in the back of a silver Chevrolet impala at an intersection in Kent, washington. her parents were in the front seat when a black car pulled alongside and the driver and a passenger opened fire before driving off. authorities have said they don't believe the shooting was random, though neither parent was injured. two male suspects are now being sought by police.
Godfrey Elfwick was recruited via twitter to appear on the programme. producers were preparing an item about the trailer for the new film. he said the old films were full of social problems 'rooted in homophobia' he also said the only main female ends up in a space bikini.
fireball crackled across the sky near the Russian-finnish border last year. researchers used camera footage to help recreate its trajectory. this led researchers to the Annama meteorite, which is an ordinary H5 chondrite - a group of space rocks with high strength that make up 31 per cent of meteorite falls. computer model compared the orbit of Annama, a 1,100lb (500kg) rock, with the evolution of a dozen orbits of near-E
Deputy pm said control of the department for education would be a key demand of any new power-sharing deal. he said he wanted to avoid a repeat of battling against the 'ideological gimmicks' of Mr Gove, who was the first tory education secretary when the coalition was formed in 2010.
Kelly Nash, 25, was last seen alive in the early hours of January 5 when he woke up coughing and sneezing and told his girlfriend he was not feeling well. he left the house without his wallet, ID card or the keys to his truck. on february 8, a fisherman discovered his badly decomposed body in lake lanier. he suffered a gunshot wound and drowned, according to officials.
a photographer shared an image of a woman whose name is beyoncé. the photo was accompanied by a statement from the new york resident. she said: 'Sometimes I hate my name because it always draws attention'
the first man to serve as white house social secretary, Jeremy Bernard, 53, is leaving after four years on the job. the white house said today that Bernard would depart after a state dinner next month held in honor of the Japanese prime minister. the first lady said in a statement she was 'lucky to have such a talented individual on my team.' 'Jeremy will be missed, and Barack and I wish him the very best in all of his future endeavors,' she added.
childlessness rates have reached record highs for both teenagers and women in their twenties, the U.S. census bureau has revealed. 95.9 percent of women 15 to 19 years old were childless in 2014. 49.6 percent of women 25 to 29 years old were childless in 2014, as opposed to 49.4 percent in 2012.
Chris Roberts was yanked off his plane after it landed in Syracuse, new york. he was questioned for four hours by two agents and two uniformed officers. he was coming to town to speak at aerospace conference about vulnerabilities.
87-year-old says his daughter'may want me dead' but he refuses to step down as honorary president of far-right party.
Cle 'Bone' Sloan, 45, was crushed beneath the wheels of knight's pickup truck outside a burger stand in January. he was left with two fractured ankles and wounds on to his head, knees and shoulder. but he claimed from the witness stand on monday that he does not remember the specifics of the confrontation. suge is accused of murdering Terry Carter, 55, and trying to murder Sloan, but claims he was ambushed and ran the men
love-up couples around the world are sharing their intimate proposal moment via the website howheasked.com and Instagram account howheasked. alongside the thousands of pictures are the couples' touching proposal stories.
Kaden Lum was gunned down at his home in Bremerton, washington, on march 28. unidentified suspect, who is still on the run, killed his mother and a neighbor. just two weeks on, the kitsap sun printed the controversial illustration. it depicts Kaden as an angel next to a caricature of a devil dressed as uncle. boy's grandfather believes decision to print cartoon was in 'bad taste'
freezing brings out more of their flavour and boosts the texture. from cakes to curries, freezing brings out more of their flavour. here, Tessa cunningham puts some of our favourite foods to the frozen test.
Stephen dodd tweeted a picture of asif bodi and abubakar bula worshipping. he added the caption:'muslims praying at half-time at the match yesterday #DISGRACE' post was reported to police, who decided no criminal offence had been committed.
Jake boys, 19, surprised partner Emily-victoria canham, 18, with tickets. told her they would see band in Cardiff - but ended up in republic of ireland. miss canham tweeted her dismay upon learning of her boyfriend's mistake. he is now planning to buy a new pair of train tickets to Cardiff in June.
Carolyn Thorpe, 62, was killed when the 20-foot tree fell on her. her daughter Sarah Wright was also injured by the tree in south-west france. tree was planted 200 years ago to mark birth of Napoleon's first son. investigation found tree was ridden with parasites making it unstable.
the former kicker is seeking $20million in lost future earnings and $15,000 in damages after he contracted the deadly infection in 2013. the suit alleges that the Buccaneers 'failed to disclose and actively concealed ongoing incidents of the infection among other individuals' who used team's facilities. the suit also claims that the team did not use necessary sterile techniques and routinely left therapy devices, equipment and surfaces unclean.
scientists have solved the mystery of Mercury's'stealth' colouring. they say a steady dusting of carbon from passing comets has slowly painted Mercury black over billions of years. but spectral data from messenger suggests its surface contains very little nanophase iron, certainly not enough to account for its dim appearance.
women routinely ask for £4,000 less for a typical job, research found. but this widens to up to £10,000 less in more senior industries such as accountancy. women ask for almost a fifth less than men, rising to nearly a third less in some financial sectors.
Edwin 'Jock' mee allegedly targeted young army cadets, including a 19-year-old. she claims he locked her in a room and raped her as he called her a'sweet woman' mee denies 17 counts of sexual assault, three rapes and one count of assault by penetration.
a pro-life group put the photo in an ad to promote the boy's story. facebook removed the photo after a public protest by the boy's mom. a nationwide account has been set up at wells fargo for the baby boy. anyone can now walk in and donate to the wells fargo account.
former head of the health service has warned of a'substantial financial problem'. he said it was crucial all parties backed the NHS's five-year plan. the plan calls for a 7 per cent boost to the health budget by 2020. 'it will be helpful for the NHS if labour agree to sign it,' he said this morning.
Hillary Clinton flew from council Bluffs, iowa to newark, new jersey on a regional jet. the plane was a no-frills EMbraer ERJ-135 and ERJ-145 with nothing but narrow economy class seats. her first trip to council Bluffs ended with a total of 10 confirmed sightings and more than 1,300 miles driven.
a&e consultant dr Ram manohar, 38, is alleged to have inappropriately touched the nurses in 2013, while working at Wirral's Arrowe park hospital. prosecutor: 'without any warning he put his hand down her nurse's dress and he put his hands into her bra' nurse a said: 'he smacked me on the bottom quite hard and said to me, "you bad girl"' manohar has denied four counts of sexual assault.
armed robbery at a service station in watervale, victoria was carried out in not very ladylike fashion. police have released an image of a man that may assist with their enquiries.
scientists have long known that there is water in the form of ice on mars. but new information from the mars rover Curiosity shows that it is possible that there is liquid water close to the surface of the red planet. explanation is that the substance perchlorate has been found in the soil. this lowers the freezing point so the water does not freeze into ice. it is present in very salty water and may have been a large lake.
the rev Richard coles sits on the board of wellingborough homes in northamptonshire. he is the supposed inspiration for the hero of the BBC church sitcom rev. raised eyebrows by last year publishing a frank memoir. it detailed his rise to fame as half of the famously gay 1980s pop band.
bullets pierced the wall of the bedroom where the 8-year-old and his 17-year-old brother were in bed. doctors had to open the child's skull to extract the bullet, leaving him with nearly two dozen medical staples holding his scalp together.'my head kinda hurts right now, but I'm OK with it,' the brave boy said as he sat on a bench outside Ronald Reagan UCLA medical center.
former marine Randy linn was sentenced two years ago for starting a fire that caused over $1million in damages to a suburban Toledo, ohio, mosque. federal prosecutors said Linn drove from his home in. st. Joe, Indiana, to suburban Toledo on September 30, 2012, and broke into the mosque. he poured gasoline on a prayer rug and lit it on fire. 'i’m very sorry for what I did. Hopefully someday you all can forgive
researchers in Singapore found 27.4% of the population suffered from pre-hypertension. of these, 38 per cent ate more than 12 meals out per week. eating out is associated with higher calorie, saturated fat and salt intake.
the Jane doe was found in a wooded area in volusia county, florida, on April 23, 1990. her badly decomposed remains had been there for up to eight weeks. the death was ruled a homicide and the case remains open. a forensic artist recently created a lifelike, computer-generated image of the woman’s face, which is the biggest development in the case in years.
'are you doing the GR20?' was the question on everyone's lips as soon as they spotted my hiking boots. the trail, which runs down the mountainous spine of the island, happens to be the toughest trek in Europe. it started in the remote golo valley, a wild and desolate canyon flanked by barren cliffs.
the gold Moto 360 is available to pre-order online from o2 on 20 April. any customers making orders before 10pm will receive the watch the next day. it will then go on general sale online and exclusively from O2 stores. the original Moto 360 has a 22mm black leather strap and costs £199. Motorola's gold version has an 18mm stainless steel band and costs £50 more, at £249.99 - £50 cheaper than apple's cheapest sport model.
'happy-go-lucky' Kye was found dead at home in barrow-in-furness, cumbria. father Kevin morton, 49, admitted killing his son by giving him morphine. he said he will 'try and live with it for the rest of my life' after pleading guilty.
dominika petrinova, 27, was furious after her boyfriend's prank went viral. she decided to exact her revenge by gluing wax strips to a plastic chair.
Facinet keita was representing Guinea at the 2012 olympic games. he was knocked out in the qualifying stages of the men's +100kg event. the 31-year-old claims he 'would be murdered' if he returned to his native country. his wife has now split from him because she 'couldn't wait for him'
at over 50 locations, the Kimpton hotel chain will put a goldfish in your room. at the club hotel & spa in st. helier, a 'best man for hire' is on hand. at a hotel in st. helier, a'sunshine butler' is on hand to help.
resales recording a gross loss were at an all time low with more properties making a decent profit. the total value of these profit making resales was over $17 billion, three and a half times more than the total of the loss-making resales at $418 million. Sydney recorded the lowest loss-making resales at just 2.4 percent over the quarter which is down from 3.5 percent in a year. Perth and Melbourne also saw extremely low resale losses of
Duli hembrom wrote to the principal of Milan mithi uchha vidyalaya. she failed to convince her parents to call off the wedding, due to take place. she wrote: 'i do not want to get married, I took an oath at the time of admission that I will not get married before I turn 18'
lightweight boxer posted pictures on the image sharing app from behind the wheel. posted the pictures in the city of Fremont close to the city of san francisco. according to Californian law, using a mobile phone while driving is an offence. police are yet to say if they will be looking into the snaps.
Countdown co-presenter Rachel Riley spelt out the word 'erection' two contestants came up with the same eight-letter double entendre. host failed to stifle his laughter as a blushing ms Riley spelt it out. celebrity guest doctor philhammond saved the day with'recondite'
Xavier morales, 48, has been placed on indefinite administrative leave and is not allowed to enter the office. the female agent alleged that she was attending a party with Morales, her boss, in a washington, d.c. restaurant when he said he loved her and wanted to have sex with her. after the two employees returned to the office from the party, Morales tried to kiss the woman and grabbed her arms when she resisted, according to two
legislative splurge is equivalent to introducing a new law for every working day. research shows Government invented 22 ways of criminalising public every month. the so-called crimes include diving into Thames without authority. others include queue-jumping at tube station and hogging middle lane of motorway.
86 per cent of respondents had 'difficulty' recruiting teachers for core subjects. 62 per cent had similar problems in non-core subjects and 65 per cent said they believed recruitment was more difficult than in previous years.
flight from china to addis ababa diverted twice to Mumbai. first time it diverted to refuel at chhatrapati Shivaji international airport. second time it had to return after crew declared an emergency. flight was carrying 283 passengers and 14 crew members.
hizb ut-tahrir (HT) has reportedly attacked civil activists in aleppo alongside local al-Qaeda franchise nusra front, according to reports. several British men linked to ISIS, including Mohammed 'Jihadi John' Emwazi, are known to have been in contact with the group while studying at UK universities.
cortez berry was serving time at the burruss correctional training center in forsyth, georgia, for his role in a 2011 carjacking and robbery. the disturbing image was uploaded to facebook last week using a cellphone that had been sneaked into the jail. it shows the 18-year-old hunched down with a swollen eye in front of two shirtless young men, one of whom is holding the leash. in a statement
for more than 2,000 years, invaders have been fighting over glorious Kefalonia. present settlers - the Greeks themselves and the odd expat - have stoutly resisted the encroachment of mass tourism. instead of fast-food restaurants you will find charming family-run tavernas.
attorney general sent a memo to DOJ employees reminding them that soliciting prostitutes is against agency rules and can lead to suspension or firing. his memo came weeks after a scathing inspector general's report found the DEA had mishandled allegations several of its agents went to sex parties with prostitutes. the memo said the prohibition on soliciting prostitutes applies even when employees are off duty or in foreign countries where prostitution may be legal.
this year has seen a rash of massive dust storms around the world that have led to travel chaos and blocked out sunlight. this week footage showed the moment an unusual 'apocalyptic' dust storm, known in Arabic as a haboob, struck Belarus. experts have said that climate change bringing excessive heat can make some areas more susceptible to dust storms. but one european scientist pointed out that the number of dust storms over the decades has always been variable.
virulent strain of bird flu continues to hammer the Midwest. the virus has been found at a farm in northwest. Iowa's Osceola County - prompting a massive bird cull. up to 5.3 million hens there must be destroyed in a state that produces one in every five eggs consumed in the country. so far, only two egg operations have been hit — the one in. Iowa and one in Wisconsin.
the typed dispatch – owned by a us collector – was sent by german president Karl doenitz on may 8, 1945. it was seized from Luftwaffe chief Robert von Greim when he was arrested that day. the WWI fighter ace then killed himself rather than be tortured by the Russians.
lib dems will vow to protect entire education budget in next parliament. spending would rise per pupil and also in line with inflation from 2018. education is a sore point for many who backed lib dems in 2010. they promised to scrap tuition fees and then saw them treble to £9,000.
arlette ricci, 74, was 'particularly determined' to stash money in swiss accounts for more than two decades. a judgement handed down by a Paris criminal court added: 'the seriousness of the facts are an exceptional threat to the public good' the heiress had denied hiding the equivalent of more than £15million, saying she had simply tried to avoid tax – which is legal – rather than evade it.
birch water is made from the sap of silver birch trees. artichoke water sweetened with agave and fruit. rainwater is harvested and filtered.
sofinar gourian, popularly known as'safinaz', was fined £15,000 by a court. she was found guilty in a case raised by a private complainant. but she is expected to avoid jail time after paying £10,000 bail.
the 22-year-old said she kneed Jason. Lee in the groin during the struggle after he forced her onto the floor. whilst naked in the bathroom of his $35,000 a month rented. mansion. she sobbed and said she was left in a state of 'disbelief' and begged her friends to take her home - because she felt that it was her fault. the alleged rape happened in the summer of 2013 when the victim was
first lady Michelle Obama said in an interview that it was the armed agents who provide around-the-clock security for the family. 'the secret service, actually, because they wouldn't let me in the car with her,' she said.
Bradley dew, 26, had been drinking with his friend at a pub earlier that day. he then returned to his friend's home, claiming he had lost his mobile. as the friend said he was about to go out with his girlfriend, he pushed him back into a wall before striking him across the face. he then stole £10 out of his wallet, before fleeing the scene. dew was found by police hiding in the toilets of a pub hours later. he
Tara and gavin hills, from canada, have been anti-vaxxers for six years. their seven children, aged between 10 months and 10 years, came down with whooping cough on the morning of April 2. the Hills' three eldest kids were partially vaccinated, but the four youngest got no shots at all, leaving them vulnerable.
the 50-year-old reality star was arrested on suspicion of trespass, resisting arrest, battery on a police officer and drunk in public. law enforcement were called to the Beverly hills hotel at approximately 1:30am where the mother-of-four was hanging out at the Polo lounge. after drinking vodka tonics all night a bartender refused to serve the reality star and she then became angry and shouted 'don't you know who I am?'.
an account purporting to be 2UE sent out a tweet on thursday morning. the tweet appears to have come from a disgruntled former employee. the hashtag was in reference to the station's former newsreader Steve Blanda, who had read the news at 2UE for over a decade. 2UE has just merged with rival station 2GB.
Annabel slipped and fell inside a hollowed-out cottonwood tree in 2011. her mother, Christy, believes she 'went to heaven and sat in Jesus's lap'. she survived the fall with only bumps and bruises and woke miraculously cured. doctors said 'i guess someone up there was looking out for her'.
the 29-year-old radiated health thanks to a bronze glow. laughed with friends as she made her way down the street in mayfair. it's the second night out this week for the party girl. joined friends at launch party for new restaurant, the Ivy Chelsea garden.
police have launched an investigation into claims of sexual abuse at care homes in Nottinghamshire dating back more than 70 years. operation xeres will focus on allegations relating to abuse at Skegby hall children's home near mansfield. the inquiry will also look into nine other centres in Nottinghamshire where children were said to have been physically or sexually abused.
Naz Shah has previously claimed she was forced into marriage aged 15. but respect party claims to have a copy of her 'nikah', or marriage certificate. says it shows she married in 1990, when she was 16 and a half. but she has hit back, saying there are two copies of her nikah.
the home sprang from inimitable hostetler's imagination after he went from 24-year-old pimp known to police as'mr. big' to a local mini-magnate. now, as it sits largely unoccupied, it's a cause for both concern and awe as neighbors wonder how something so immensely unique and bound to its creator can remain among the neighborhood's modest ranchers and middle class homes.
the island is known for its zesty spices and self-sufficiency - the only food it imports is milk. mangoes, star fruit, passion fruit, melon and skin-up are the stars of the summer.
Richard howarth says he breaks out in a sweat and starts shaking when he sees the ukip leader on television. the 35-year-old says he has to immediately change the channel or he becomes physically sick. the medical recruitment consultant said hearing his voice makes him 'physically sick'
Sally Betts wrote a glowing reference for convicted rapist Luke lazarus. he raped an 18-year-old woman in an alleyway outside his father's nightclub. now the mayor is developing 'a new risky behaviour education program' for young women.
up to 100 Islamic teachers could be banned from working in schools for life. teaching watchdog is working on possible disciplinary cases against staff. this includes allegations an al-Qaeda style video was copied in a classroom. more than 50 teachers also alleged exchanged 3,000 messages in a WhatsApp group.
Thomas K. Jenkins, 49, of Capitol Heights, Maryland, was arrested last month by deputies with the Prince George's county sheriff's office. from September 2014 to February 2015, Jenkins allegedly carried out 18 commercial robberies in dover, Delaware, authorities there said. a car was found behind a building where a robbery took place and led deputies in Maryland to consider Jenkins as a suspect.
Graeme Burke is the manager of engineering services for the council. he wants to erect a 3.6m tall steel figure cut out of 5mm steel plate. the figure is wearing a singlet, has a handlebar moustache and is holding a fishing rod.
a new generation of suncreams promise to protect against infra-red rays. others say they protect the skin from the inside. but are any of these high-tech suncreams worth buying?
a flabbergasted Mario draghi held his hands up for protection when the demonstrator leapt on to the podium and began throwing paper at him. the woman - who identified herself later as. Josephine Witt - yelled 'End the ECB dictatorship!' before being bundled off by two heavyset guards. a third threw himself in front of the ECB boss.
photographer Vincent Cianni spent three years traveling the u.s. photographing and interviewing gay veterans and servicemen. his photos show commonalities between the subjects despite their different journeys. many were discharged because of their sexuality, others were raped, assaulted and bullied, causing ongoing psychological damage.
the classic english pastry has been identified as the perfect accompaniment to a creamy latte. espressos are best paired with chocolate truffles or a mini raspberry coulis. flat whites are best accompanied by a blueberry muffin.
actor's reputation shattered after being branded leader of satanic cult. 'baseless' claims were made by his children after they were tortured. police hunting for mother and her partner who may have fled abroad.
payday lenders will be wiped out by tougher rules designed to protect customers. just three or four payday lenders out of 400 will be left standing. rules include a daily interest cap of 0.8% and stricter affordability checks. comes as Wonga revealed it racked up a £37.3million loss last year.
watchdog said state will continue to spend more on public services and welfare. projection underlines how hard it will be for next government to eliminate deficit. annual deficit hit a record £153billion under labour in 2009-10. conservatives have pledged to return Britain to the black in 2018-19.
foreign minister Julie bishop met up with world-renowned shoemaker Jimmy Choo in Perth over the Easter holidays. the pair crossed paths at popular Japanese restaurant nobu, in Perth's crown casino. a spokesperson for the minister told daily mail australia she 'wore one of his friend's designs'
police are hunting for a couple and five children who left a north las vegas home where a 3-year-old girl was found dead and a 4-month-old girl was so badly neglected that the child was hospitalized in critical condition. if Kellie Cherie Phillips, 38, and Jondrew megil lachaux, a 39-year-old ex-convict, aren't in Nevada, they may be in the los angeles or Oakland, califor
Sonia pereiro-mendez says she was denied millions in pay and bonuses. claims she was'mocked' and subjected to 'gratuitous derogatory' comments. she recorded managers at the global investment firm 'without their knowledge'
the family of adolf Hitler's propaganda minister is suing publisher. cordula Schacht is representing Joseph goebbels' estate in the case. dispute comes after a biography drew on diaries of the nazi leader. the english edition of the biography is due to be published on may 7.
train was traveling through salterspond road and highway 121, near town of Trenton, south carolina, shortly after 8.30pm on friday. it derailed after apparently hitting a tree that had fallen onto the tracks. vehicle was carrying anhydrous ammonia - highly toxic nitrogen-based chemical. up to 15 cars overturned and leaked, sparking 1.5-mile-wide evacuation. thirty people were subsequently evacuated as a 'precaution'
home office says it is not in the public interest for him to have a passport. letter says he is an extremist linked to members of the banned group al muhajiroun. he was released from prison last month after serving part of his 11-month term for breaching bail on a terrorist offence.
the uk clocked up growth of 2.8 per cent in 2014 – the strongest in the group of seven industrialised nations. this was enough for the uk to leapfrog socialist france and become the second most powerful economy in europe, behind germany. the IMF is forecasting ‘solid’ growth of 2.7 per cent this year and 2.3 per cent in 2016.
Anthony and Janet mann were married for a number of years. since 2008, Mrs mann's health had deteriorated. she was suffering from dementia and was unable to go to the toilet alone. in a moment of impulse, 78-year-old stabbed her in the chest. he said:'she was screaming and said she did not want to live like this' he was spared jail and given a two year suspended sentence.
mother-of-13 Annegret Raunigk, 65, will give birth to quadruplets in weeks. the german teacher already has 13 children and is due to retire this year. she is in her 21st week of pregnancy after being artificially inseminated.
Ed miliband accused the pm of 'ducking' the chance to defend his record. the pm has pledged to find £7billion to pay for tax cuts for lower earners. he has also promised to increase the NHS budget by £8billion a year.
a handful of animal keepers at salt lake city's hogle zoo found themselves with a tiny red-headed charge when Eve, a bornean orangutan, died a few weeks after giving birth. now 5 months old, the 14-inch, 11-pound Tuah is starting to crawl.
Burger King has branched out from run-of-the-mill sundaes by offering a pina colada smoothie. pret a manger has gone the whole hog and started serving sit-down dinners with wine. the new concept is called 'good evenings', and runs from 6pm until 11pm every night.
1,500 mourners attended service at the historic cathedral in cologne. 'we can't find an answer to the question of why so many people had to die because of a decision that one person made,' says german president. co-pilot Andreas lubitz is widely blamed for 'deliberately' crashing the jet. he is widely blamed for locking the captain out of the cockpit.
a two-metre boa constrictor is on the loose on the gold coast. police mistakenly believed it was a harmless python and released it into the wild. the reptile could pose a threat to local wildlife and even people's pet cats and dogs. if the large-predatory boa has inclusion body disease 'it can be unbelievably contagious if that gets loose in australia'
William Beggs screamed in pain as boiling water was thrown over his face. the 54-year-old is serving a life sentence for murdering and dismembering his teenage victim. the teenager's limbs and torso were found in loch lomond. his head was dumped in the sea off the coast of ayrshire.
cannabis plants contain more than 60 unique compounds called cannabinoids. two of the most common compounds are tetrahydrocannabinol (THC) and cannabidiol (CBD) hemp naturally contains compounds which affect the endocannabinoid system. once triggered, these receptors activate a chemical reaction aimed at supporting the body's natural stress response mechanisms.
the hague is home to one of the cornerstones of european art - vermeer's girl with a pearl earring. it was classed as a village until Louis bonaparte (napoleon's brother and king of Holland) set up here in 1806. despite being home to Holland's royal family and an eye-­catching parliament, it is a hidden gem by the sea.
the new york post's page six alleged that the marriage breakup was the result of Flay having an affair with his assistant Elyse Tirrel, who's 28. but the celebrity chef's business partner Laurence Kretchmer moved swiftly to dismiss the claims, saying that if Flay, 50, had been having an ongoing affair with an employee, he would know about it. the gossip site reported that Tirrel is a'singer/actress who worked as
siti zainab was executed in the holy city of media this morning. she was sentenced to death in 1999 after confessing to stabbing her employer who allegedly mistreated her to death. her home country's leadership is furious that her family was not notified. amnesty international says her killing'smacks of a basic lack of humanity'
three out of four people have little or no knowledge about the battle. just over half (53%) know the Duke of Wellington led the British forces. one in seven believe it was the french who were victorious in 1815.
new map allows astronomers to'stand' on planetary surfaces and could help explain how water and lava once flowed across the red planet. the first mosaic, pieced together by the german Aerospace center (dlr), comprises 1.4 million square miles (2.3 million square km) of the surface. it covers the vast crater-strewn highland region of the red planet, parts of the Ares Vallis outflow channel, the chaotic Aram chaos region as well as the Meridiani
766 violent anti-Semitic acts were carried out around the world last year. arson, vandalism and threats against Jews, synagogues and other institutions were included in the figure. in france, the number of anti-Semitic attacks rose to 164 in 2014.
huge increase in demand for coloured stones, such as sapphires and rubies, has seen their prices soar. demand has seen the value of some coloured stones increase by more than 2,000 per cent over the last ten years. leading auctioneers now branding them a better investment than diamonds.
Walter Scott, 50, was pulled over for a broken tail light in north Charleston, south carolina, on April 4. as he ran from the scene, officer michael slager shot the father-of-four multiple times in the back, killing him. the two men were heading to Scott's house for a cookout that afternoon. his passenger, Pierre fulton, said he is 'torn up' about the incident.
Rachel Simpson, 15, was diagnosed last year with a one-in-a-million genetic condition which doctors say will eventually give her cancer if untreated. the rest of the family are now waiting on tests which could reveal which of them also have a mutation of the GATA2 gene. the disorder means a sufferer's blood count might be low, making them more vulnerable to infection, or the blood cells might be abnormal, leading to leukaemia.
the rare formation appeared over a commuter rail station on long island early Tuesday morning. Commuter Amanda curtis snapped the phenomenon while she was waiting for the long island railroad at the Glen cove station.
pippa middleton boasted of eating whale meat in a newspaper feature. the 31-year-old said it was served in a 'wonderfully convivial atmosphere' environmental campaigners have slammed her for 'promoting whaling industry'
Nigel farage said he was ‘jealous’ of how the tory leader reversed the greying process while in downing street. after clashing at last week’s televised leaders debate, Mr Farage said he had shaken Mr Cameron’s hand and ‘complimented him on his appearance’.
officers released images of three suspects, but refused to release a picture of ringleader, likely because he has already been identified. criminologist Richard hoskins noticed'striking similarities' between the heist and crime novel Black echo, by michael connelly. he said: 'i think that when the raiders were planning their heist they must have read this book, or researched the robberies in la in the 1980s'
reserve deputy Robert bates, from tulsa, shot dead a fleeing suspect during a botched gun-sale operation on April 2. on the today show on friday, he became emotional as he apologized to the family of the man he killed. 'i rate this as number one on my list of things in my life that I regret... I still can't believe it happened,' he said.
first models of the £260,000 supercar have already been shipped to china. bosses have indicated it will run alongside the £260,000 lamborghini aventador. to herald its launch, the company has created a stunning light sculpture. it walked through the steps of rendering to give insight into the car's conception.
girl, who has not been named, attends school in san dimas, california. has been kept home by her mother since threats began this week. one post reads: 'that smile! i can't wait till its just blood and tears' another says: 'i got knives that ill bring and youll get to pick' [sic]
Amanda Lukoff, from Arlington, teamed up with her husband Danny Egan for their film the R-word. the documentary aims to change the way people think, speak and act. it is in pre-production while they try to raise $200,000 for the documentary.
a woman was reportedly spotted threatening people with 'a dildo in each hand' during an altercation outside a pub in Grafton. eye-witnesses said a fight broke out inside Roches family hotel late friday night before it spilled out onto Victoria road. a spokesperson from the hotel denied there was a fight outside the venue, instead claiming it was 'just a heated discussion between a couple of people that spilled on to the street
Kyle Wittstock, 22, died on Monday afternoon after his paraglider crashed. the paraglider was swept into a garage door by a strong wind. he left behind a fiance and a nine-week-old daughter. family and friends were quick to express their grief and shock.
Sean donohoe, 30, from Tamworth, plundered the elderly woman's accounts. spent tens of thousands of pounds on trips to the snowdome and in shops. even persuaded his victim to change her will so he could reap the benefits. builder has now been jailed for 21 months after admitting charges of fraud.
mother of jihadi bride calls upon her daughter to return to the uk.'she loved church. she would sit there and pray and pray and pray,' she says. dare married a Swedish IS terrorist calling himself Abu Bakr almost as soon as she arrived in the uk. she regularly takes to twitter to issue violent threats.
the driver of the 1991 Ferrari 348 smashed into a tree in north Brighton, south australia. his male passenger suffered head and leg injuries and was conscious when paramedics attended the scene. the 1991 Ferrari 348 is thought to be worth between $90k and $110k. traffic superintendent said speed was likely a factor and there was no evidence of drink-driving.
murderer Robert donovan, 57, disappeared from the prison in 2010. murderer Derek passmore, who beat a disabled man to death in 1996, is still at large. carer tom zolynski stole £10,000 from a pensioner he was supposed to help. Goran durdevic, 28, left the prison without permission in 2006.
health reforms include fining agencies employing models with a BMI under 18. also criminalising pro-anorexia web content has passed through parliament. some have been hailing the legislation as a 'crackdown on anorexia' but research suggests it is not a lifestyle choice and personality traits are to blame.
Iona costello, 51, and daughter Emily were last seen on march 30. their car was found in a parking garage on 42nd street in Manhattan. relatives say her stepson, 45, was staying nearby at the time. he is currently in jail in florida on apparently unrelated charges. has a long history of drug arrests and was jailed again just days later.
a university of cologne scientist led research proposing a new theory. it suggests temperatures at Earth's equator were -40°C (-40°F) 2.4 billion years ago. the reasons why the whole planet was frozen are not understood. but it could have implications for finding life on frozen moons like Europa. and it could also suggest there are many more planets in the solar system.
almost half of 1,000 companies are less inclined to recruit obese applicants. overweight workers 'unable to play a full role in the business', research shows. findings come in the wake of a court case brought by unions and lawyers.
star of all creatures great and small is auctioning off more than 200 items he has collected over his career. the 89-year-old actor is a keen military historian who studied english with J.R.R. tolkien. one of the most unusual items in the auction is a hand-painted limewood diorama depicting the progress of the battle of Agincourt in 3D.
non-dom status allows wealthy foreigners to lower their tax bills. but it's claimed it's causing deals to fall through and homeowners to sell up. it's claimed the announcement has already had a negative impact on market.
despite restrictions of local religious laws, champagne-fuelled party life has come to define Dubai as a holiday destination. in recent times, the place has attracted more unlikely visitors - a-listers including Emily Blunt, cate blanchett and lily allen. work is also under way to build Dubai's first opera house in the lagoons area.
Joshua van haften, 34, of Madison, was arrested at o'hare international airport in Chicago after getting off a return flight from Syria. he has now been charged in a criminal complaint with attempting to provide material support to a foreign terrorist organization. the complaint cites facebook posts from van haften that said he was unable to cross the border from Turkey into Syria.
ministry of defence 1, also known as ‘Churchill’s toyshop’, was a weapons laboratory set up in 1939 by Winston churchill. he encouraged his scientists to trial even the most absurd of inventions. some were so successful that they played a vital role in ending world war two.
Lloyd byfield, 48, pursued relationship with 26-year-old leighann duffy. he armed himself with claw hammer and knife and burst into her flat in east london. judge tells him he must have had a 'heart of stone' to kill her. judge also expressed 'unhappiness' at failure to deport him back to Jamaica.
the £1.49 ($1.99) trackyourdose app was developed by esooka. it uses a mathematical model developed by scientists and meteorologists. since 1997, the physikalisch-technische Bundesanstalt (PTB) has studied the cosmic radiation at typical flight altitudes and used this to calculate radiation levels. the app can measure all the relevant types of radiation, in particular neutron radiation produced in the atmosphere.
workers at the most visited paid monument in the world have joined the walkout. closure will cost Paris tourism almost €387,500 (£280,000) in entry fees. follows action by french air traffic controllers who walked out yesterday.
visitors to the town of Dornoch are pointed towards the local slaughterhouse. brown signs normally only point to attractions or sites of historic significance. sign caused an online stir after it was retweeted by crime writer Ian Rankin.
Emily reay, 17, has auburn hair but colours it so it is brighter. she is a pupil at Trinity school in Carlisle and claims it is her trademark. but teachers have told her to tone it down or she will be banned from lessons. 'everybody knows me as that "young ginger singer",' she says.
Michele. leonhart, who has run the agency since 2007, is expected to resign soon. her anticipated departure stems from. concerns that agents of the federal drug agency divulged secrets at sex parties with prostitutes. that drug lords in Colombia may have staged to elicit sensitive information. armed with. once-confidential documents, a u.s. congressional committee will. investigate the claims, a spokeswoman for the Republican
Mohamed badie and 13 other defendants handed their sentences as 37 people, including an american-egyptian citizen, were jailed for life. the defendants found guilty of plotting unrest in the months after the military overthrew Islamist president Mohamed morsi in July 2013. judge Mohamed Nagy shehata also sentenced two Islamists who have fled the country to death.
Glenna Kohl of barnstable spent years in the sun as a Cape cod lifeguard and countless hours laying in indoor tanning beds while at college. she was diagnosed with melanoma just after graduating from a Rhode island college in 2005. three years later, at just 26 years old, she would be dead after a painful cancer battle.
the body-building community is in shock after the premature death of celebrated competitor Phil primmer. the Darwin man, aged just 42, had reportedly just been to see a doctor to seek treatment for neck pain when he died. he was given CPR but it was too late by the time emergency services arrived, according to friends on facebook. the chiselled competitor sadly leaves behind his wife and two children, including son Shannan and his young daughter Miami.
breast cancer is the second most common cause of death from cancer among american women, claiming nearly 41,000 lives a year. annual mammograms starting at 40 years old have long been considered standard for preventive care.
the pm said voters were not ‘fully sure’ about the tories at the last election. but he claimed they would back them this time if he does not win a majority. he said he only needed 23 seats to win a majority before adding: ‘if I fall short of those 23 seats I will feel I have not succeeded’.
six soldiers were laid to rest in a cemetery in flanders fields, belgium, this morning. their graves will be labelled as 'Known unto god' - a description chosen by author Rudyard kipling for all unknown soldiers. their bodies were discovered in a farmer's field in 2008 and 2010.
Lorenzo Simon, 34, killed his friend then dismembered him with a hacksaw. he stuffed the body parts and tools into two suitcases which he dumped in canal. girlfriend Michelle bird was cleared of murder but admitted assisting an offender. jury took 15 hours to decide by unanimous verdict at Birmingham crown court.
the acai berry is a rich purple fruit indigenous to the amazon rainforest. for hundreds of years, the small dark berries have been integral to the diet of native amazonian people. the cafe wants the uk to celebrate this way of eating aca, not as powder, dried supplements or in smoothies.
mandy Dunford, 54, was followed around her farm by 67-year-old Ward. military historian even performed sex acts in front of the former police officer. he was jailed for five years in 2011 after admitting 11 counts of exposure. but he has now been released from prison and allowed to return to his home. miss Dunford said she feels forced to leave her home in the north yorkshire moors.
relations between Moscow and the u.s. and other. western powers have soured over the conflict in Russia's. neighbor Ukraine, sinking to an all-time low.
Francis pusok, 30, fled his home in southern california on thursday after deputies showed up to arrest him on identity theft charges. he led police on a more than two-and-a-half hour chase, part of it on horseback. helicopter cameras caught a swarm of cops kicking and punching him more than 80 times on thursday. he said he was handcuffed for '99 per cent' of the beating and that
local government association accused soft drink firms of ‘dragging their heels’. it said children under the age of ten get almost a fifth of their sugar intake from soft drinks. some cans of fizzy drinks contain almost twice the recommended daily sugar limit.
Timothy eli Thompson was born prematurely without any nasal passages or sinus cavities. the condition is so rare it only has a one in 197 million chance of happening. a pro-life group tried to post a photo of him to promote his story. facebook removed the photo after complaints.
Nasa scientists in California have released new images of Ceres. they were taken by the Dawn spacecraft from a distance of 21,000 miles (33,000km) the spacecraft is beginning to move closer and closer to Ceres. and it will soon study the whole planet - including its mystery bright spots. the latest images were taken on 10 April from a distance of 21,000 miles (33,000km) and are the highest-resolution views of the planet so far.
Gemma redhead, 33, was repeatedly raped by her ex-partner, Philip Kirby. he was jailed for eight years after admitting four counts of rape. but he defied a restraining order to phone her after he was released. the call'reawakened all of the fear and terror of the attack', she said.
Rosemary taylor, communications director of city of brookhaven, allegedly made 'racist' remark to photographer Nelson jones at cherry blossom festival. she reportedly told him: 'this is not the image I want for the city' Dominique jackson, 18, and Khamlee vongvone, 19, 'dropped their mouths' and they were asked to leave. now, ms taylor has been fired for 'conduct unbe
scientists reviewed 20 different studies of penis size, including 15,521 measurements of penises from around the world. most men fall within just a couple of centimetres of each other. the average time between penetration and him ejaculating (for heterosexual couples) is nine minutes.
non-dom status allows people living and working in britain to only pay tax on their UK income, but not earnings from overseas. but in January shadow chancellor said it would cost the country money.
Turia pit experienced burns to 64 per cent of her body during a 2011 ultramarathon through the kimberley, western australia. she has been operated on more than 200 times since the blaze. she is hosting a fundraising gala to raise funds for more volunteer medicos to head overseas to save lives and livelihoods.
Robert Bates, 73, pleaded not guilty to second-degree manslaughter in the death of 44-year-old Eric Harris earlier this month. despite the charges, the judge said that the retired insurance executive, who is out on $25,000 bond, is allowed to take a previously planned vacation to the Bahamas. 'whether intended or not, Mr. Bates' vacationing in the Bahamas at this time sends a message of apathy with respect to the shooting and Eric's life,
downton star has worn more than £300,000 worth of frocks, shoes and jewellery designed by the glitziest names in fashion. in just eight weeks, the star of Disney’s new blockbuster Cinderella has worn more than £300,000 worth of frocks, shoes and jewellery. from £3,000 Jimmy chop shoes to a £35,000 gown and a £40,000 necklace, Claudia connell and eliza scarborough reveal.
elite troops called in from Nairobi to aid in pre-dawn attack on university. but soldiers did not arrive until just before 2pm, according to local media. government defended slow response, saying 'they only remember the one you missed' one of four gunmen responsible for massacre has been identified as son of a government official.
french diners have previously seen takeaway bags as 'embarrassing' but a change in attitudes could save the country up to €20 billion (£14 billion) a year. socialist MP Guillaume garot has put forward 36 proposals to the government. he said a change in attitudes could save the country up to €20 billion. throwing away still-edible food costs the average french household €400 a year.
the 28-year-old has been suspended from the network for a week. she was caught on camera telling a parking lot attendant she should 'lose some weight, baby girl', adding 'i'm on television and you're in a f---ing trailer, honey' in a blog post, she tells her readers she is 'taking a stand' against'sexist' commercials that focus on 'appearance alone'
the Hollywood siren called the building, just a short walk from Harrods in knightsbridge, home until her death in 1990. now this newly refurbished five bedroom, five bathroom apartment gives renters the chance to walk in the footsteps of the legendary screen star. it boasts two spacious reception rooms, a study and a modern state-of-the-art kitchen and breakfast room.
the space epic is already being predicted to rake in a global $500m on its opening weekend, according to a Tuesday article from the Hollywood reporter. that's more than the $483m record set by the final Harry Potter film - Harry Potter and the deathly hallows – part 2 - in 2011. the second trailer was released on Thursday to massive fanfare at the star wars celebration in Anaheim, california.
two men and one woman can be seen entering a home in the mid-afternoon. the burglars get into the house through the kitchen. then one suspect returns and checks the kitchen again before moving into the living room. that's when he stares directly into the surveillance camera and realizes he's being filmed. he ducks and hits the camera over, but not before it was able to capture a visual of his face. a 5ft safe and a number
Robert penny, 83, of malvern east, briefly appeared at Melbourne Magistrates court on Monday. he is charged with murdering his wife Margaret and his wife Claire at a hair salon in Portland, victoria, on may 3, 1991. the women were found badly beaten, repeatedly stabbed, with their throats cut and were wrapped in black hair wraps.
Robert durst appeared in federal court in new orleans on tuesday and pleaded not guilty to a new charge of gun possession. he was arrested last month on suspicion of the 2000 murder of long-time friend Susan Berman. the 55-year-old was about to speak to investigators about the 1982 disappearance of his first wife Kathleen McCormack. he faces a murder charge in California and two state weapons charges in Louisiana - one of possessing a firearm after
pm was speaking in an almost empty science park on the city's outskirts. strategists with precious plans have plotted every minute of every low-risk day.
Timothy Rogalski, 30, allegedly called the school on Tuesday morning and left four messages on its answerphone. the fifth time he called, he spoke to an administrative assistant. in the calls, he accused staff of being behind the 2012 shooting that left 20 children and six female educators dead. he also said the Boston marathon bombings in April 2014 were fake.
sellers are now wildly over-valuing their houses by around £74,000. buyers must now treat asking prices as starting point for negotiations. while average sale prices are about £207,000 in the UK, advertised asking prices are typically £74,000 higher at £281,00.
seven of Slager's fellow cops responded to his call for back-up after the shooting. but the fact that his wounds were to the back do not feature in subsequent accounts of the shooting given to the media. officers also told an internal report that they gave Scott CPR, but the video only shows them checking his pulse and standing over his body. there are also questions over discrepancies between responding officers' version of events and what the witness video shows.
Iona costello, 51, and her daughter Emily, 14, were last seen on march 30 near their home in the wealthy seaside village of greenport. their car was found in a parking garage on 42nd street in Manhattan, but the pair left no other trace of their whereabouts. relatives of the family, who own a horse farm on long island's north fork, reported them missing on Tuesday. police said that they do not expect foul play and have no hard evidence suggesting that the Costellos may be
Helen Dunn, 78, was a pin-up girl in the 1950s. she was on the cover of a raunchy lads' mag in 1955. the grandmother, from west midlands, said she was 'absolutely shocked'
the question, 'So when is Cheryl’s birthday?' was one of 25 questions set in the Singapore and Asian schools math olympiad. cryptic clues were designed to lead people towards the fictional character's birthday. those who were able to reason their way to this answer followed a series of logical steps that allowed them to rule out the other dates.
goldman Sachs predicts population growth will slow to 1.25 per cent over the next three years due to low birth rates, high death rates and falling net migration. this is significantly lower than widely-used australian bureau of statistics population predictions of between 1.7 and 1.8 per cent. this will create an oversupply and see property prices fall by between 5 and 10 per cent in markets where construction supply has been strong.
suzy howlett, 54, specialises in teaching foreign-born children english. she has embarrassed husband and wife team Derek Tanswell and Sharon Snook. in one section they promise to 'take back control of our boarders' so teacher wrote: 'i think you mean borders, not residents of a school or guest house'
bookmakers have slashed odds on second royal baby being named'sam' it follows the success of part-time jockey and duchess' close friend, sam waley-cohen. the 33-year-old amateur jockey helped the couple rekindle their romance.
self-confessed atheist visited praise house community church in croydon. church leaders 'put their hands forward towards Ed' as they prayed for him. last year Mr Miliband described himself as a 'jewish atheist' but all party leaders are now trying to reach religious groups.
Charlie Kwentus, 42, from webster Groves, Missouri, was granted his dying wish by the Annie's hope bereavement center for kids. the charity provided all of his family with star treatment for the day, with black tie makeovers and a limousine included. footage from the special event shows Kwentus dancing with his daughters Maren, aged nine, and Zoe, 13.
prime minister will amend working times regulations to give three days paid leave a year to volunteer or serve as a school governor. policy will only affect workers at firms with at least 250 staff. business leaders criticised the move as heavy-handed government intervention.
Keith boudreau, 42, of quincy, was pronounced dead on friday morning following the march 23 attack where he was knocked to the ground and had his head stomped on. he was taken to hospital with life-threatening injuries following the attack and was removed from life support on Monday. on Wednesday, 43-year-old paul fahey was arraigned on assault and battery charges, and pleaded not guilty. however, the Norfolk district attorney's office said
Clinton cash, a new book by political foe peter Schweizer, will be published by Harpercollins on may 5th. it is set to lay out a clear trend of money flowing into the controversial foundation and rewards emerging for donors. the claims against Clinton, secretary of state from 2009-13, are laid out in a passage by former gwb speechwriter.
latika Bourke was adopted from india along with two of her siblings. she had no interest about looking into her origins until she watched the movie. the movie was nothing short of life-changing for latika. it led her to a fulfilling spiritual journey back to her mother country.
the stormy weather system, formed in the tasman sea, hasn't hit NSW this strong since 2007. it is characterised by gales or storm force winds that can damage buildings, fell trees and powerlines, cause powerful surf that can damage the coast and run ships aground. on monday night 24 Sydney suburbs incurred 100mm of rainfall, with blacktown hit hardest, thanks to the latest east coast low. an estimated 100,000 homes are without power on Tuesday morning across Sydney, the central coast
Xiao ying, 17, dumped her newborn child in a factory toilets after giving birth. she then went back to work on a shoe production line in wenzhou city. the baby boy was found 'icy cold' in the female toilets by a cleaner. she said she was afraid to tell her parents because 'no-one cared'
a new device, called the Flow VR, provides passengers with a virtual image of the horizon that mimics the movements of the aircraft. this can help to combat the conflict between the information coming from a person's eyes and their sense of balance in the inner ear. the system can also present travellers with high quality images of their destination that replicate the time of day to help them acclimatise to their new time zone.
Patrick Randall was 16 in 1990 when he held a knife to Gregory smart's throat as his friend Billy flynn, shot him in the head. flynn was pamela smart's then-16-year-old lover and shot her husband dead at her request. now 41, Randall won parole Thursday at his first hearing - he won't be released until after June 4.
residents say they were hit by 'peculiar' power cuts on the weekend before the heist. they also claim to have heard 'drilling' noises on the evening of good friday. but they thought this was simply a continuation of road works. it has also been alleged that the thieves returned a day after the initial robbery.
the video shows how angelo west, 41, immediately jumps out of the car and shoots officer John moynihan, 34, under the eye at close range. west then fires at the other officers as he runs across the busy street. the video, captured from the surveillance camera of a nearby store, shows the beginning of the shootout.
in type 2 diabetes, the body's cells fail to react to insulin, causing blood sugar levels to soar. if uncontrolled, it can lead to blindness, kidney damage, heart disease and circulation problems, especially in the feet and legs.
trees were wheeled into Dunblane cathedral ahead of the nuptials. the decoration was first seen at the royal wedding in 2011.
Kealeigh-Anne woolley was just seven months old when she was shaken. left blind, unable to talk and severely brain damaged after incident in 2000. she spent most of her life in wheelchair and could only eat through tube. heath, now 43, jailed for three years and two months at Birmingham crown court.
an unidentified male concert-goer has come under fire for wearing a t-shirt emblazoned with the words 'Eat Sleep Rape Repeat' to coachella on sunday. the photograph was shared on twitter by jemayel Khawaja, the managing editor for vice's music and culture channel Thump. the offensive words are thought to be a play on the fatboy slim song Eat Sleep Rave Repeat, which was released in 2013.
PayPal is developing a new generation of edible passwords which stay lodged in your stomach to let you log in. its developer, Jonathan leblanc, said that the devices would be powered by stomach acid and include mini computers. he said that technology had become so advanced that it allowed ‘true integration with the human body’. the next wave of passwords will be edible, ingestible or injectable.
Lisa Morgan, 40, altered the site she set up for former boyfriend, Sean meade. he was 'unfortunately found out to be cheating yet again', she said. visitors to the site are told it has 'ceased trading at present'
conrad Clitheroe is in a cell with friends Gary Cooper and Neil munro. none of the men have been charged with any offence since they were transferred. they were arrested in february at fujairah airport over claims they were a 'threat to national security'
judge said prosecutors had two aggravating factors and that Craig Stephen Hicks is 'death penalty qualified' Hicks is charged with three counts of first-degree murder in the February 10 killings of 23-year-old deah. shaddy barakat; his wife, 21-year-old. Yusor mohammad Abu-salha; and her sister, 19-year-old. Razan mohammad Abu-salha.
our willingness to learn is significantly influenced by our genes, according to a study by goldsmiths university in london and ohio state university. researchers found that 40 to 50 per cent of the differences in children’s motivation to learn could be explained by their genetic inheritance from their parents. but genetics and non-shared-environment factors had the largest effect on the children’s motivation to learn.
exam board officials yesterday unveiled draft syllabus for 14 to 16-year-olds. some students will be asked to study review of gritty 15-rated foreign film. others will look at spanish tweets on the Olympic games. proposals aim to rid classrooms of ‘tired phrases’ which some pupils see as outdated.
a 21-year-old man with depression has made the most heartbreaking final goodbye video to his family before taking his own life. while the chilling song 'goodbye my lover' by james Blunt is playing in the background, the distressing footage shows Chris ball repeatedly saying that no one should take the blame for his disease. on september 14 last year, his brother and stepfather found his body along with a USB stick containing the video sitting on top of a piece of paper.
shark sightings have become commonplace around the new zealand coastline this summer. onlookers initially got out of the sea sharpish, but soon returned to take photographs and videos of the 2.5 metre bronze whaler. 'look at it, it's huge,' shouted one boy from the shore as the fish swam around.
former first lady and her husband, former governor Bob McDonnell, were convicted in a joint trial in september of accepting more than $165,000 in gifts and loans from former star scientific inc. CEO Jonnie Williams. among the gifts were almost $20,000 worth of designer clothing and accessories for Maureen McDonnell, vacations, golf outings and $15,000 for a daughter's wedding. 'how can a person become so bedazzled by material possessions that she can no longer see the difference between
Ralph Cramer, 70, and his wife, Lynn, 59, were returning home from the Creekside café in mount joy at about 9 p.m. on Sunday when the accident occurred. first responders arrived to find that the couple had died from multiple traumatic injuries suffered in the crash. it was not immediately known who was driving or if the couple had worn seat belts.
'shameless liar' Andrew o'clee, 36, wed shopworker Michelle in 2008. but while they were trying for a baby, he had already started his double life. he would leave their rented flat in west london to go back to another woman. he married again in august 2013 - even forging divorce documents. he was jailed for eight months after a court heard about the web of 'lies'
Samantha says she adores who she is - inside and out. she's utterly peeved about dove's latest campaign results. most women would rather strut out in public as naked as the day they were born than freely admit that they're beautiful.
scientists at the university of Sheffield analysed people with a body mass index of 30 or more. they found obese people fall into one of six categories. largest cluster was 'younger healthy females' - also the youngest.
several DEA agents were taking part in these parties in bogota as early as 2001, said a summary of a DEA report released by the house committee on oversight and government reform. the hearing came on the heels of a separate, march 26 report by the justice department's office of the inspector general that described similar allegations between 2005 and 2008. after investigation, seven of the agents admitted attending the parties and were suspended for between two and 10 days.
a 47-year-old man with a concealed carry permit shot a 22-year-old man who opened fire on a group of pedestrians in the busy neighborhood of Logan square. court records say the man shot at people walking in front of the driver’s vehicle on Friday night in the busy neighborhood. the driver then grabbed his own weapon and fired six rounds at custodio, striking him multiple times.
dramatic rescue earlier in the week led to 210 mainly-Burmese nationals being identified. many said they were desperate to leave the island village of Benjina. those who said they wanted to stay did so because they were owed back pay.
Tony Lopez lozano, 35, was charged with the august 2013 murder of his boyfriend, Brian Romo, after fatally stabbing him in the heart following an argument at their Oregon city home. a judge sentenced him to 10 years in prison on Monday -- much to the dismay of the victim's mother, Kathleen tapia. 'for me, that's not long enough,' tapia said at the sentencing.
chief executive George whitesides has said the new spacecraft is nearly ready. he said it could begin test flights by the end of this year. its predecessor was destroyed in the mojave desert on 31 October 2014. virgin galactic plans to use lessons learned from the crash to ensure that the new spacecraft works 'better'
researchers in north carolina claim that zapping the brain with a mild electric current can boost creativity by nearly eight per cent. they tested their theory using a 10-Hertz current on the brain's of 20 volunteers to stimulate the brain's natural alpha wave oscillations. as well as creativity, these oscillations - or the lack of them - are linked with depression.
detectives spent just over an hour at the repairman's house in Bonny hills on the NSW north coast on Monday afternoon. the 63-year-old's home had been searched earlier in the year, in January and march. it was unveiled that he was due to fix William's grandmother's washing machine around the time the boy vanished. the recent visit by investigators comes as police revealed that they believe William may be alive, despite fears that he was abducted by a paed
body of 27-year-old Sarah was found by police on thursday night. her mother, 57, was found dead at sheltered accommodation half a mile away. police say she died of asphyxiation, while her daughter was repeatedly stabbed. family today said they are 'absolutely devastated' at their loss. police have issued a photograph of 26-year-old Peter Fox. they say they want to speak 'urgently' with him in connection to the deaths
cathryn Parker, 72, has lived under at least 74 aliases in los angeles, mainly those of Hollywood production staffers. police started investigating her after realizing she gave the traffic officers a false name. tracking down her house, they found she was leasing under another false name. as of Friday, Parker was in federal custody in northern California, where she was wanted for probation violations.
dermatologist Dawn Marie Davies, from the mayo clinic in Minnesota, warns sunbed users could be putting themselves at risk of contracting herpes. Genital herpes is highly contagious and spreads from one person to another via skin-to-skin contact. bacteria that lies on a person's skin can easily be transferred to the bed, when a person is lying down. when a person sweats, it provides a breeding ground for bacteria or viruses, allowing the infection to develop
a dramatic road rage incident between a truck driver and two young men has been caught on camera. the footage shows a driver behind the wheel of an AC & s truck tailgating, yelling and flashing his lights aggressively, nearly crashing into the back of a small Subaru car. the incident started on warringah road and continued for 8.5km, with the passenger in the car claiming the truck driver was laughing and even spit on their car. friends Cameron rose and
Jesse and Melissa Meek announced they are expecting a child in a rap video they made set to the theme song from '90s television sitcom 'The fresh prince of Bel-air' the clip has been viewed over 1.7 million times on YouTube.
a dashboard camera has captured a red ute ramming into another car. three young thugs got out of the vehicle to confront the driver. one was armed with a dagger and stabbed the bonnet of the car. driving expert Ian luff was disgusted with the behaviour.
Sue sim came to national prominence five years ago as northumbria police dealt with the Raoul moat manhunt. she said she was'sad' to leave the force but was retiring to spend more time with her family. it was announced last month she was to be investigated by her police and crime commissioner's office for alleged misconduct. although she was not suspended, it was reported those below her were walking on 'eggshells' such was the manner in which she delivered her assessments.
Aydian ethan Dowling has around 40,000 votes to win the annual ultimate guy search - 30,000 more than his closest competitor. the competition aims to find a man 'who possesses all of the qualities that make up today's well-rounded, active, health-conscious and thoughtful guy'
players sponsored by the firm urged followers to buy knock-down goods. this comes amid concern that celebrities and sports stars are cashing in. Walcott tweeted: 'for 25 hours you can get 25% discount on Adidas.co.uk if you use 'friendsoftheo'
a 23-year-old woman recorded a racially-charged attack on a train. she rushed to the defence of a Muslim couple on a train in sydney.'she started saying Muslims like us are trying to conquer australia and behead everyone here,' hafeez Ahmed bhatti said. his wife was'very shaken up' after the incident, to the extent she questioned if it was worth staying in australia. police are
pink is the new colour of choice for high-achieving women in the world of politics and showbusiness. the first female chief executive of the international monetary fund, Christine lagarde, and plaid Cymru's leanne wood are among those championing pink. the sudden rise in use among powerful women is said to be down to the way that the colour is perceived.
shezoy bleary, 22, allegedly attacked 31-year-old copeland and two women with a switchblade in the early morning hours outside a nightclub. copeland, a former player for the new york knicks, was slashed in the elbow and abdomen and underwent surgery to repair the wounds on Wednesday. Bleary was seen leaving new york city's 10th police precinct on his way to court just as copeland was undergoing surgery
the 34-year-old reality star is creating an 'archive' of her most infamous designer outfits, which she stores in clear plastic bags. 'the dress that I wore on the cover of vogue will be hers. all of my met gala dresses'
John Tuite, 22, and Carlos Santolalla, 25, are the first openly gay couple to be signed together to a modeling agency. the male model couple have posed for big brands like dkny and DSquared2. but they say it hasn't always been easy for them to work in the industry and be true to themselves.
Kim hill was sexually abused by her step-father from the age of four. she was forced to dress up in her mother's lingerie and watch porn films. at the age of nine, she was forced to watch pornographic films. she bottled up the painful memories until her fiancé asked her about it. her husband Rob encouraged her to approach the police about her attacker. he helped to put Derek Osborne behind bars 20 years after the offences.
Swiss researchers measured the temperature of 'Hot Jupiter' HD 189733b. they found the temperature reaches up to 3,000°C in the atmosphere. and wind speeds are in excess of 620 miles per hour. the findings were made using a novel technique relying on sodium signals. they suggest we may soon have the opportunity to examine other distant worlds beyond the solar system.
Nasa scientists in california have revealed new images of the dwarf planet Ceres. they reveal new views of the two brightest spots in a crater. however, scientists are still not able to explain what they are. Dawn will begin its first science orbit around Ceres on 23 April. the latest images were taken on 14 and 15 April from a distance of 14,000 miles (22,000km) from the north pole of Ceres.
total revenue over the 12-month period grew 11.8 per cent to £1.1billion. the firm has 547 stores in the uk and 41 shops in the ireland. profits are expected to be around £44million.
Jason edward harrington worked with the government agency for six years. he said staff routinely bend the rules to get their hands on passengers. claims groping is a daily occurrence at security checkpoints across the u.s. follows revelations two workers were fired for manipulating body scanners.
Matthew whelan, 35, from Birmingham, has spent more than £40,000 on body modifications. officially changed his name to king of inkland king body art the extreme ink-ite. he says discrimination has made it difficult to find work.
a sapphire glass screen used in the device has remained scratch-free. it was subjected to being rubbed with sandpaper, keyed and even hit with a hammer. test was carried out by repairs specialist iphoneFixed.co.uk. it used a sapphire screen from a 38mm apple watch for its experiment.
NBC's 288 consecutive week winning run had stetched back to September 2009. the drop from the top spot comes two months after anchor Brian Williams received a six-month suspension for misleading viewers about his coverage of the Iraq war in 2003. according to Nielsen ratings, ABC's world news tonight with David muir attracted 84,000 more viewers for the week ending April 3.
Annegret Raunigk, from Berlin, is already a mother of 13 children. she decided to expand her family further after her youngest child told her: 'i want to have a little brother or sister' her older mother, Sue tollefsen, from Essex, said 'in a way' she thinks Annegret is'selfish' for having more babies at her age.
at least three people poured gasoline on a car that stopped to fill up at a gas station in south los angeles around 12:15am on Saturday. the group covered his white dodge charger in gasoline and lit it ablaze while there were two passengers inside. the man's grandmother said the fire was lit after the suspects attempted to carjack her grandson.
four in ten britons have an average £77 of unwanted good lying around. most people say it is simply too inconvenient and lengthy to return it. a fifth believe it takes nearly half an hour to return something each time.
actress carey Mulligan's grandmother has Alzheimer's disease. her grandmother, Margaret Booth, was diagnosed with the illness 14 years ago. the 29-year-old said there is a'shame or humour' attached to the illness. miss Mulligan said her gran hasn't recognised her in at least five years.
dashcam footage shows the officers using their patrol vehicles to steer the one ton bison off the road and back to his farm near the city of round rock. as they beep their horns the animal, named Big Boy, continues to run along the sidewalk but at one point he veers in front of the police car and over to the other side of the road. despite the detour, the buffalo made it home safely free of injury. his owner, 79-year-old Joe don Ko
Gary tells mailonline that Jason will be cheering on his former bandmates. new take that tour starts in glasgow on the 27th of april. musical finding neverland premieres on Broadway on wednesday.
the maldives have been on the top ten of honeymoon destinations for years. the resort of Niyama is a 40-minute seaplane flight from the capital malé. the days unwind quietly for penny, with snorkelling and visits to the spa.
truck drivers in victoria are dealing drugs from behind the wheel of 60-tonne rigs, using secretive codes over their radio systems. one in every 12 truckies tested positive for drugs while out on the road. 156 truck drivers tested positive for drugs on the state's roads in the past year.
'it's what you do that defines you' is the message behind new campaign. former supermodel Christy Turlington, Toni garrn and liya kebede are the faces of fresh-to-the-uk clothing brand, Lindex. the brand is selling limited-edition #superrolemodel t-shirts.
Cle 'Bone' Sloan claims suge knight growled 'i'll kill you' before 'everything went black' police say that was the moment before Knight killed Terry Carter and tried to kill Sloan by ramming over them in his pick-up truck.
five family members accused of trafficking immigrants into the uk. court heard they were 'treated like dogs' - forced to urinate in buckets. forced to do housework to pay off 'loans' for their board and passage. police say victims would be threatened with violence by the gang.
a vast underground network of pipes could be used to transport freight and deliveries in a bid to end road congestion and pollution. the plan, called the Mole urban project, aims to reduce the level of road freight within urban areas. the firm is now looking to see if the concept could be used within the town of northampton and if results are positive, a pilot could be installed. the development project is set to last nine months and if successful could be rolled out in other towns.
Zeynab Daghastani, 13, was gunned down by ISIS snipers in Yarmouk, damascus. teenager was fleeing militants as she tried to make her way to a nearby neighbourhood. relief workers in the area say activists and relief workers are also being targeted. Yarmouk fell under ISIS control on April 4, leaving 200 people dead.
former royal chef Darren McGrady said the brothers were fed up with traditional food. said they swapped nanny's instructions for their own in which they asked for fast food. said their 'juvenile handwriting gave their identity away' - and they ended up with roast chicken anyway.
families in the uk are more indebted than those in many other developed nations. families in the uk were singled out as having a problem with household debt. findings are a stark reminder that the recovery remains fragile.
'Red' len McCluskey is a militant leader of trade union unite. seeking to use financial and organisational muscle within labour. seeking to drag Britain back to the dark days of the 1970s. scale of influence unite holds on scores of labour candidates chilling.
Norma Esparza, who pleaded guilty to voluntary manslaughter in the case, said her ex-boyfriend, Gianni van, 45, was outraged when he heard about the assault. he demanded that she find and point out Gonzalo Ramirez at the bar where she met him. van is now charged with the murder of Ramirez, whose blindfolded, bloodied body was found on the side of an Irvine, California road.
couple reached combined weight of 41st when they set a date for their wedding. but Holly decided to slim down after she was teased at work. a member of the public shouted at her: 'look at the size of her' she joined weight watchers and swapped his meals to align with hers.
Jodie Bredo, 26, has been a professional lookalike for six years. she says the duchess of cambridge dresses 'too boring' for her age. the lookalike says she fancies the younger prince Harry more than prince william.
new app, Honest, allows users to pose questions, remain anonymous and get feedback from fellow anonymous users. the personal dilemmas posted range from relationship questions such as'my long term girlfriend is bad in bed...shall I tell her?'
'he should have been in a retirement home, not out there on the scene killing my dad,' says 16-year-old aidan fraley of 73-year-old volunteer deputy Robert Bates. 'the Lord has forgiven me for my sins, and who am I not to forgive him?' asks his mother, who calls Harris her'soulmate'
pictures emerge of Raheem sterling smoking from a shisha pipe. the 20-year-old is pictured with his team-mate, 19-year-old Jordon Ibe. it is the second time sterling has been pictured smoking from a shisha pipe.
the 23-year-old model underwent gender reassignment surgery last year. she is thought to be the first transgender model to land a major cosmetics campaign. andreja appears in a solo editorial in the may issue of vogue.
the marine mammal was discovered bleeding from its head along the south end of sharp park state beach in Pacifica on Tuesday. on wednesday scientists and biologists sought to determine how the massive animal died. it is the seventeenth dead sperm whale to beach along the north coast of California in over the 40 years, a spokeswoman for the marine mammal center said.
Joel Burger and Ashley king accepted the fast food chain's payment proposal on monday. the couple said they were'shaking' and 'blown away' after getting the good news. the nuptials will be held on july 17 in Jacksonville, illinois.
US scientists have found a way to use discarded corn husks and stalks to make cheap hydrogen fuel. breakthrough could one day see the fuel being produced locally and drivers stopping to refuel their vehicles at roadside bioreactors.
out of 384 applications, 80 per cent have been approved to use the word. forty-four items were rejected for a range of reasons, including it was too commercial or its name was inappropriate. the church of scientology used the brand in an attempt to raise $10,000 worth of donations to open new centre in new zealand. woolworths caused controversy for overlaying its logo and 'Fresh in our memories' on photographs of war veterans.
survey of 4,000 undecided voters found slim majority more impressed with the performance of the prime minister than that of Ed miliband. separate poll suggests that ukip’s vote is being squeezed in key constituencies as election day approaches. separate poll of marginal seats by former tory treasurer Lord Ashcroft suggests that ukip’s vote is being squeezed.
Lisa McElroy, 50, who teaches legal writing at Drexel university, reportedly sent the inappropriate message on march 31. when recipients opened the enclosed link, they were directed to a video of 'a woman engaging in a sexually explicit act' following a number of complaints, the college issued an apology to students.
four teenagers caught on camera kicking rare bird and throwing another out of window. gang broke into aviary and bundled 200 of the animals into sacks and containers. birds were also jammed into drawers, squeezed to death and chased by dog. three men and a youth have been convicted of their involvement and will be sentenced next month.
dashcam footage shows police in the borough of kinnelon race to the incident just after 6 p.m. on Thursday. when officers arrived on scene, smoke was already coming out of the woman's white 2006 Toyota Solara convertible, which had been turned upside down. it took two minutes for the cops to cut the woman from her seat belt and pull her limp body from the wreckage. just 2 minutes and 30 seconds later the vehicle became engulfed in flames.
the largest of the stations is in south australia which covers an enormous 23,000 square kilometres. the 11 farms cover over 100,000 square kilometres and have 155,000 branded cattle between them. the sale is being handled by Ernst and young Adelaide.
Jessica Silva killed her ice-addicted partner with a kitchen knife three years ago. her ex-partner James Polkinghorne sent her a text message threatening to 'cave her f***ing head in' and 'bash the f***' out of her. she stabbed him five times in the shoulder, chest and back.'my head is just full, I can't live with it, I need forgiveness,' she said.
the first lady and her mom enjoyed a sumptuous five-course meal at italian trattoria Lupa in greenwich village on saturday. owner and restaurant mogul Mario batali looked after the pair and was heard describing Michelle as 'a happy woman'
Aeman presley, 34, faces charges for the killing of two homeless men in Atlanta, another man sleeping outdoors in dekalb county and a hairdresser in a parking garage in decatur. he had taken a greyhound bus from los angeles to Atlanta last may 'hoping to rejuvenate his beleaguered acting career' when his money ran low, he bought a revolver 'on the street' to use in robberies. he came upon 53-year
Neil Moore, 28, was on remand at Wandsworth prison for £1.8million fraud. he emailed wardens posing as a court clerk manager at 'Southwalk crown court' it allowed the fraudster to brazenly walk out of prison last year. judge described escape as'sophisticated and ingenious'
United launch alliance has unveiled radical plans for reusable rocket named 'Vulcan' it will use new engines, mid-air recovery and a new upper stage. aimed at enabling complex on-orbit manoeuvres.
alanna and Stephan goetzinger lost their third daughter during a stillbirth in 2012. a coroner found that the care given by the midwife was 'grossly inadequate' but the couple refuse to blame the midwife and are defending her actions. they say it was clear from the moment Rana was born that she had died.
more than a third of mothers clothed their second baby in one or more hand-me-downs, with 46 per cent giving them toys bought for their elder sibling. 82 per cent have a memento of their first child, such as a lock of hair or a video of their first steps, but only 23 per cent have a keepsake for their second.
Cassandra cassandra Cassidy was shot dead in a drive-by shooting. the 24-year-old fashion design student was trying to help two women 'afraid of males in a car'
father-of-two was gunned down outside his takeaway in south shields. he was described as friendly and chatty and lived in sunderland but was originally from Bangladesh. witnesses report seeing two men dressed in dark clothing on a motorbike. police believe he was targeted deliberately and are appealing for information.
Sri Lanka is high on lists of places to visit in 2015. the holiday industry is recovering after the dual torment of a tsunami and a bitter civil war. the island’s unique subspecies of elephants are a vestige of ancient Sri Lanka.
house-sitting is one of the easiest ways to trim costs on a trip abroad. cruise ship workers can see the world, but should be prepared for long work hours and long periods at sea. couch surfing and house swapping are two other options.
the bride-to-be was spotted cheering on her fiancé at the Miami open. the 27-year-old wore a black silk dress with a zip front and straw hat. it was the third time she had opted for the dark colour while topping up tan.
two women aged 47 and 22, and two men aged 24 and 22, were held. they were among eight relatives stopped at border with Syria on April 1. group includes waheed's aunt, two of his male cousins, his cousin's wife and two of their children. the four children on the trip aged one, three, eight and 11 have also been flown back to the UK.
more than a thousand disappointed university of Kentucky fans gathered near the school's Lexington campus Saturday night. the crowd set fires and smashed bottles following the team's 71-64 loss to the university of Wisconsin Badgers. police in riot gear arrested 31 people on charges of public intoxication and disorderly conduct. another three people were taken to the hospital for non-serious injuries.
'monster' pedophile, 70, who molested at least seven girls was sentenced to up to 50 years in prison on Thursday. 'the only money we should waste on you is the cost of a bullet,' Jackson county chief circuit judge Thomas Wilson told'monster' james tingley. he was convicted on march 3 of heinous sex crimes against two girls over a six year period. his crimes span a period of 50 years
Mai Mach, 60, was stabbed 23 times with garden shears last week. her grandson, four-year-old Alistair, was stabbed 18 times hours earlier. a fundraising page set up to help pay funeral expenses has raised $47,226. more than 280 people have donated to the page, with many leaving messages of support. cai xia Liao, 45, has been charged with their murder.
former director of public prosecutions was in charge of operation elveden. he pushed the use of an almost unheard of 13th century law to go after journalists for what amounted to them simply doing their jobs of informing the public. despite the best efforts of prosecutors and millions of pounds, juries have almost universally refused to convict.
Alan Davey controversially laid bare difficulties of station's top job. asked about changes to general classical music knowledge over 30 years. last year his predecessor dismissed claims the station was 'dumbing down'
officer michael rapiejko overtakes colleague's car as they chase suspect. seconds later, his vehicle mounts curb and smashes into suspect's body. alleged robber, Mario valenica, is shot in the head in marana, northwest of tucson. he was rushed to hospital in serious condition on february 19.
'370h55v' license plate spelled 'a**hole' upside-down. texan department for motor vehicles said it was 'offensive' owner safer hassan said he plans to appeal the decision.
April Morris of Bennettsville, south carolina, thought she’d never see her beloved pit bull, Nina Louise, again after she went astray in december 2013. months of searching and a $500 cash reward proved fruitless. but this past Saturday she couldn't believe her eyes when she saw footage of the pup's heartbreaking rescue on local news. it's suspected that Nina Louise was used as a bait dog at the cockfighting venue before having her puppies.
the Chancellor and her husband have been spending Easter on the small island of Ischia, near Naples in the Mediterranean for over a decade.
driver mei ru, 50, was going shopping with husband song ming, 53. he climbed out passenger side of the car and went to stand behind it. but his wife reversed and knocked him down before backing up over him. he died from massive internal bleeding and broken ribs, doctors said.
royal county of berkshire polo club has become one of britain's most elite sporting venues. prince of wales was the first member of the club when it was founded in 1982. has attracted royals and celebrities including prince William and Harry, actress Stephanie powers and rolling stone bill Wyman. but attempts to cash in on this elite status by launching a brand of fashion and polo-related goods have been scuppered by the european court.
Ukip leader caused controversy at televised leaders’ debate last week. attacked cost of giving anti-retroviral drugs to sufferers not born in britain. said foreign nationals with HIV accounted for 60 per cent of 7,000 cases a year.
britons apparently spend £815m a year to ‘social media proof’ their wardrobe. nearly one third buy new clothes just to avoid being multi-tagged in same outfit. men spend an average of £61 to safe-guard against this modern day anxiety.
Alfred McNamee slipped and fell onto electrified metro tracks in Philadelphia. Charles Collins, 28, sprang into action at 15th street station and jumped onto tracks. he was pulled to safety by other commuters, but insists he's not a hero. despite widespread praise, he says: 'i just saw him and jumped down'
Claudia alende, 21, came second in last year's miss bumbum pageant. she attacked current title-holder Indianara carvalho over the weekend. miss carvalho posted a picture of her naked body painted with an image of the virgin Mary on good friday - the day the country's 130million Catholics solemnly remembered the crucifixion and death of Christ. miss alende, better known as the Brazilian'megan fox', claims she
Gary saurage, 45, runs the Gator country wildlife park in beaumont, texas. he was called out on Monday morning to catch a giant 400lb, 11ft-long alligator from a family's backyard pond. a photograph of the capture - later posted to facebook - shows Saurage approaching the giant reptile with his bare hands stretched forwards. the beast was later confirmed as a male, around 35 to 40 years old.
Valbona yzeiraj was arrested on Thursday and pleaded not guilty to charges of assault, unauthorized practice of a profession and reckless endangerment. authorities said the 45-year-old woman, from white plains, did injections in people's mouths, performed root canals and on several occasions pulled patients' teeth. she claimed to have dental training in her native Albania but authorities said she had no license in the u.s.
Steve and theresa esmond and their two teenage sons fell seriously ill during their stay at the Sirenusa condominium resort on the island of st.john. the family were airlifted to separate hospitals in Philadelphia suffering major respiratory trauma. Sean, 16, and his 14-year-old brother Ryan remain in comas.
physical activity can increase grey matter in the brain, a study found. increases the size of areas that contribute to balance and coordination. changes in the brain may have health implications in the long-term. it could also reduce the risk of being immobile in older age.
the average cost of the big day hits £25,000. for brides on a budget, there's plenty of ways to save thousands. from scrimping on bar costs to avoiding hefty food bills, we've got you covered.
ski-tour company Haute Montagne has met some pricey guest requests. live-in tailor was demanded to make ski and apres ski outfits. two grand pianos flown in for entertainment and horse and carriage on stand-by.
Jeremy Clarkson will appear as a guest presenter on satirical panel show. he was dropped from top gear after a 'fracas' with producer Oisin tymon. the 54-year-old was sacked from the motoring show on march 25. but he will appear on satirical show have I got news for you on April 25.
the first lady was announcing the launch of the latest part of her ongoing let's move initiative. she then changed into a flawless black dress for the annual Grammys on the hill awards which were held at Hamilton live in washington, d.c.
Khim hang, 22, is the youngest designer to show at mbfw australia. Brisbane-based designer is heavily influenced by his Cambodian heritage. he is committed to ethical production and looking after his factor workers.
video appears to show city fans singing a vile song about the Munich air disaster outside old trafford. the clip shows police on horseback struggling to keep the two sets of rival fans apart. a handful of city fans were thrown out of the ground after being accused of making aeroplane gestures mocking the crash.
'another November' captures the stages grief following a break up. the photographer, 38, found inspiration for the series after her own break up. she asked friends and women she met to pose based on the experience.
polling last night showed the nationalists are extending their lead. they are threatening to all but wipe out labour north of the border. but Ed miliband refused to rule out going into a power-sharing agreement.
Jerusalem syndrome affects people visiting the holy city. it is characterised by seven stages, including anxiety, agitation and nervousness. sufferers are often consumed by a need to be clean, before donning a toga-like gown often made from hotel bed linen. a procession or march to one of the city's holy places is then followed by the delivery of a'sermon'
PJ and Tracy Spraggins, from Birmingham, Alabama, lost 145lbs in one year. he was told he was a perfect match for her, but his blood pressure was too high. after a year of dieting and exercise, he was given the green light. in february, they went under the knife together to donate his kidney. Tracy was six when she was first diagnosed with the chronic inflammatory disease which affects her kidney functions.
manziel and colleen Crowley were spotted together in public for the first time since he entered rehab. on Tuesday, Crowley posted a video on her Instagram page of the texan socialite enjoying a drunken night out with friends. the video seemed to enrage a number of followers who voiced their unhappiness that the undergrad at tcu may not be setting the best example to someone straight out of rehab.
'luckiest wife in china' lives in house bursting with frozen dishes and snacks. husband spent last week of annual holiday making stir-fried dishes. he also made about 1,000 dumplings as a way to show his love to wife.
shares in what is now called the BG group rose by nearly 30 per cent. oil giant royal Dutch shell announced plans to buy BG group. it is one of the biggest takeovers ever and worth £47billion.
the raging blaze, reported shortly after 6pm saturday, was sparked by a cooking stove. fire along the border of cities norco and Corona, 35 miles southeast of downtown los angeles, resulted in hundreds of people to be told to evacuate. by midday, Sunday, fire officials said they had contained 35 percent of the fire, which had grown to 1.6 square miles.
Jacques lamerde - which roughly translates to 'jack sh--' - pokes fun at high-end dining by dressing up junk food as fine dining.
the 31-year-old sister of the duchess of cambridge looked glamorous as she strolled through the streets of london. pippa looked as chic as ever in a tweedy skirt, black blouse and cropped black blazer. accessorised her look with a black tote, £159 black pumps by jemima vine and oversized sunglasses.
former kayak world champion Nathan baggaley has been taken back into custody for allegedly assaulting a police officer. the 39-year-old was caught in a toilet cubicle with white powder at Byron bay blues festival. he was reportedly disgruntled and allegedly slapped the hand of an officer.
number 20 the Lindens in new addington, near croydon, has been completely wiped off the map. the two-bedroomed terraced house was bulldozed in June 2013 along with the two neighbouring properties. evil killer Stuart hazell, 39, murdered the schoolgirl and dumped her body in the loft.
traffic came to a halt and pedestrians stood at attention for two minutes as the sirens rang out across the country. the annual memorial day commemorates the six million Jews killed by the nazis during world war two. the two-minute silence was an emotional experience for Israelis, with the whole country coming to a standstill for the occasion.
ten-week-old Qingqing is in a critical condition in hospital in eastern china. her mother said: 'we left after our baby girl fell asleep. who knew this would happen?'
charismatic biomedical theorist says ageing is a 'disease that can and should be cured' he says there is no reason why we shouldn't reach 500, 1,000 or 5,000 years of age. de Grey's theories have gained him some high-profile supporters in Silicon valley.
Flashgap is free for iOS and android devices. photos and videos taken on the app disappear into a hidden album after three seconds and only appear at midday the day after the event. all attendees of the event can see this album, and users can only delete the photos they took themselves. any photos deleted from the album are deleted from all users' accounts.
the two chimpanzees are living in a lab at long island university. they are the first animals in history to be covered by a writ of habeas corpus. a representative of the university have been ordered to appear in court.
ex-bolton wanderers striker delroy facey, 34, denies conspiracy to commit bribery. he is standing trial at Birmingham crown court alongside former non-league player Moses swapibu, who also denies the charges. facey is alleged to have become involved in the 'ugly side' of his sport by acting as a middleman for two men who have been convicted of match-fixing.
Charnelle Hughes, 20, was struck on the side of the head by the empty glass. it was hurled into a group of 40 people at the Adelphi pub in Preston. she was left scarred, swollen and fearing she might lose her right eye. the student nurse has been warned her facial features may drop.
Chloe knapton, 21, was sitting in a traffic jam when she was attacked. a man hurled abuse at her before smashing her car window with a bottle. the impact caused glass to shatter all over her face, neck and shoulders. the glass bottle even became embedded in her neck and left her 'unable to smile' her family have now released shocking photos which show extent of injuries.
more than 8,000 migrants took advantage of calm weather to cross the Mediterranean over the past weekend. charity save the children said the capsized boat, carrying about 550 people, flipped over around 24 hours after leaving the Libyan coast. about 150 survivors – mostly from sub-saharan africa – were rescued and brought to an italian port on Monday.
mother-of-two, 25-year-old, had her waters break just 23 weeks into her pregnancy. her twins, Mason and chloe, were delivered early via an emergency caesarean at 30 weeks. eight months later when Mason was admitted to hospital to have his colostomy removed he nearly lost his life to a dangerous flesh-eating virus. after the surgery, the young boy started going downhill pretty quickly. fortunately, Mason recovered from the virus.
Ulysses beaudoin, 39, is accused of shooting dead his 22-year-old son, ulysses Nelson, during a domestic argument in the family's home in Katy, texas. deputies say the father pulled out a 9mm handgun on his son and shot him twice in the back. he then allegedly threatened his 18-year-old son, sending the teen fleeing for his life. the boy ran to a neighbor for help,
president Rafael correa was pictured with his arm around the boy. casually-dressed 52-year-old is said to be able to speak fluent english. picture was shared thousands of times on social media networks.
the 51-year-old actor played the doctor for just 13 episodes in 2005. he proved a huge hit with fans, but only stayed for one run after falling out with then show boss Russell T Davies.
Eric coins, who was drinking in the city of sunrise posted the video to YouTube accusing the man of wearing the uniform to get free drinks and meet women. in the video, a young man is seen on camera asking the alleged fake service member a series of questions including where he did his basic and boot camp training. the man replies that he 'took it out' because he 'does not want nobody knowing his name', before asking the young man if he is a
in england alone, there are more than 670,000 unpaid carers helping someone with dementia. in the early stages of the disease, symptoms become more pronounced. this marks the beginning of the middle stage, the longest stage. it's when the condition becomes more challenging and extra help may be needed.
thieves targeted 294 security vaults during break-in at the Volksbank in 2013. gang fled the bank with diamonds, gold and silver worth more than £8.3m. it now appears that the heist bore all the hallmarks of the £60m heist in london. robbers spent several weeks tunnelling 100ft underground, before drilling through 3ft of concrete walls to break into a bank's strongroom.
toddler slipped and fell between 10 to 12ft and into the pit on saturday. he was rescued by his parents before firefighters and paramedics arrived. boy's leg was injured in the fall, but he was not attacked by the animals.
dog walker Peter Hamilton heard woman's cries for help as he walked by. she was bound by handcuffs, badly bruised and naked from the waist down. he desperately tried to free her from her restraints in a home in toronto. she told him her kidnapper was still inside, but had fallen asleep.
Dmitri kovtun insists he was not involved in the dissident's death. says he is'more than sure' he handled polonium without knowing it. claims he was carrying around polonium rather than being given it. former spy fell ill with radiation poisoning in london in November 2006.
more than 1,700 students took the exam in a playground at a high school in Yichuan, shaanxi province on Saturday. school said the reason behind the unusual move was the lack of sufficient indoor space. many of the students believe sitting the exam outside is a novel way to broaden their horizons and encourage them to feel more relaxed.
vice correspondent Gianna toboni traveled to india to explore the country's rapidly growing, yet unregulated, gestational surrogacy industry. while undercover, she met with an agent who offered to get her a baby in two to three months - confirming that there were in fact 'extra' babies being sold on the black market. 'it was the most heartbreaking experience that I ever had,' she said.
St. george's county asylum opened in 1818 and once housed nearly 1,000 patients. it closed in 1995 but is now set to have new life breathed into it after planning permission was granted to build 102 apartments. patients were restrained by means of 'the leather muff,' 'iron handcuffs' and'restraint chair' there were also reports of prevalent dysentery and syphilis. suicide cages were erected in the stairwells
Xaragrogan, 29, was forced to resign after she rejected his advances. married dentist Colin Cromie, 49, became increasingly hostile and unfriendly. he would snatch instruments from her in the surgery and be 'abrupt and rude' he also blamed her for a fall-out with another dental practice, tribunal heard.
Todd Kincannon, 33, has been arrested and charged with criminal domestic violence following an incident involving his wife last month. an arrest warrant alleges that his wife, ashely Griffith, told deputies that he grabbed her arm during a march 26 argument in their car,'squeezing it tightly' Griffith told police Kincannon threatened to kill her, himself and her family during the incident – threats he is accused of having made previously also.
Victorino chua, 49, has given evidence for the first time in court today. denies murdering patients Tracey Arden, 44, Arnold Lancaster, 71 and Derek weaver, 83, and deliberately poisoning 18 others between 2011 and 2012.
the great British bake off presenter told twitter followers she's leaving the site.'my timeline has been full of blokes wishing me dead... this morning, someone suggested they’d like to see me burn to death,' she tweeted.
shadow chancellor said the letter was just a 'jokey note' to his successor. it was left in the Treasury by former labour minister Liam byrne in 2010. he wrote: 'dear chief secretary, i'm afraid there is no money'
baby malaja was in a car seat in the back of a silver Chevrolet impala and her parents were in the front seat when a black car pulled alongside. police say the driver and passenger of the black car opened fire, then drove off. detectives initially suggested road rage as a motive, but now say they don't think that's the case.
porche Wright, 27, was scheduled to appear in court on Tuesday afternoon on attempted murder charges. neighbors reported seeing Wright pour gasoline on her daughter then light her with a match. the girl is expected to survive but she is suffering from severe burns.
Nina Anderson searched pawn shops near her home in Portsmouth, hants. gold and silver necklaces worth nearly £400 were taken as she watched tv. she eventually spotted two of the stolen items in window of cash and cheque. actions led to arrest of burglar Martin Campbell, who has now been jailed.
'urgently' urged to follow australia's military-led'stop the boats' policy. pm says harsh measures are only way to prevent disasters such as capsize. 'the only way you can stop the deaths is to stop the boats,' says pm.
‘missives in mediocrity’ tell pupils to ‘live your dream’ and ‘you can do it’. but the glossy notices are ‘often reductively misinterpreted’.
Ashy Bines mistakenly advertised the price of one of her programs as $US49,500 - a tenth of its real $USD4950 price. she apologised to her'very angry and upset' followers after an extra zero was added to the cost of the yearlong program. spots in the program - which involved her taking 'your body, mind and soul to a whole new level of well-being' - have sold out.
over the last year geordie shore star has lost over two and a half stone. some have questioned whether the actress has taken things too far. one twitter user commented that she was 'far to skinny [sic]' another commented on her Instagram: 'i can guarantee you she starves herself'
images were taken between 1850 and 1855 by photographer hugh Owen. they are some of the first ever taken of the city of Bristol. many of the buildings pictured have changed dramatically in past 160 years. albumen prints were made in 1870s from the original paper negatives. they are due to go up for auction in Cirencester tomorrow.
Kenneth wanamaker Jr, 37, pleaded guilty to reckless endangerment on friday. a dentist testified the girl's teeth were in such bad shape they posed a potentially fatal threat to her health. fourteen of the girl's 20 teeth were either abscessed, and two more needed to be pulled or had severe root and tooth decay. she had been scheduled for surgery in march but did not end up having the procedure because her parents never scheduled a pre-operation examination.
around two million high school students admitted to buying vaporizers in 2014. smoking of traditional cigarettes plummeted to about nine per cent. e-cigarettes typically deliver nicotine, propylene glycol, glycerin and flavorings.
TMz claims the prenup between the couple provides her with $5,000 a month for five years. it also claims the clause allows him to buy her out of the $8million marital home for just $1million - with an extra $50,000 to pack and move her stuff.
gang accused of posing as children online and beating up men who agree to meet them. one teenager told police he was beaten up by the gang in a church car park. the 19-year-old thought he was meeting a 14-year-old girl in atherton. but when he got there he was attacked by a gang who accused him of being a paedophile. he reported the matter to police and was arrested on suspicion of grooming
Ricky Ricardo Chiles III, 27, killed himself with a single shot as police closed in on him at the presidential inn & suites in Lyon, illinois on Thursday morning. since Tuesday, police were looking for Chiles III in connection to the killing of 40-year-old archie brown Jr and 15-year-old Rasheed Chiles. brown struck and killed the gunman's two-year-old nephew Damani Terry after he darted into the street in front of his van
pooch mavis was reportedly brought to Arlington park in mobile sometime last weekend by her owner for a fishing trip. she was reportedly close to the park's boat launch as the alligator attacked her after it jumped out of the water. 'i think she's like the Norm of "Cheers," she was the - you know, mavis - everybody knew her name,' said local resident Nicole lavirriere.
hoodoos are rock protrusions consisting of relatively soft rock topped by harder stone that preserves each column's spire-like shape from weather erosion.
Sophie english was one of thousands of babies born at the height of the Vietnam war and adopted by an australian family. there has been very little information to help Ms english find her birth mother who made the heartbreaking decision to give her up. the last time Ms english had seen her home country was when she was 10 months old. she met another adoptee, le my huong, who had a similar story to hers and has since found her mother and moved back to vietnam.
apple has bought Israel-based link computational imaging in a deal reportedly worth $20 million (£13.5 million) the tech giant makes'multi-aperture' cameras small enough to fit into smartphones and tablets that come with depth-sensing technology. this lets people refocus an image after its been captured, or measure the dimensions of a room, for example. meanwhile, computers with Intel's RealSense 3D camera can recognise and respond to facial expressions and hand gestures.
Ethiopian-born supermodel fronts Vogue Paris' upcoming may issue. the last black woman to cover Vogue Paris was model rose cordero in 2010. in January of this year, British Vogue ended 12-year run of not using a single woman of colour on its cover.
gipsy group exploited human rights laws to stay in their illegal camp for five years. refused to budge despite facing three different courts, a planning inquiry and a council. locals in hardhorn, lancashire, accused the group of trashing village. claimed eviction 'violated' human rights of 39 children living in 60 caravans. but a further judicial review at the high court has been granted.
the rosehall estate near inverness in the Scottish Highlands boasts a 22-room main house along with 700 acres of land. it was built in 1820 but its most colourful period of its history was during the 1920s when it was bought by the Duke of Westminster. the super-wealthy land owner would spend his summers at the property with the fashion designer. despite leaving the home 85 years ago, a number of the rooms still bear her work.
Jason rezaian, 39, was detained in tehran in july last year along with his wife. she was released on bail after two-and-a-half months in custody. he has now been charged with espionage and collaborating with 'hostile governments' as well as allegedly spying, the journalist stands accused of gathering classified information and of disseminating propaganda against the Islamic republic.
Indian creek island road has topped the list of America's richest streets, compiled by zillow. its 86 residents include four of America’s top 500 richest people, according to Forbes. they include activist investor Carl. icahn; hedge fund manager Eddie lampert; car dealership owner. Norman braman and mutual fund mogul Charles Johnson.
Finley lamb suffers from rare brain abnormality periventricular nodular heterotopia. it means many of his 'grey matter' cells have not migrated to the correct position. it left the boy, from wallasey, unable to walk and talk, and with a 90 per cent chance of developing epilepsy. but he defied the odds to take his first steps last year and has continued to defy the odds by starting primary school - and he even makes the
labour leader said it was unacceptable to abandon thousands of immigrants boarding makeshift boats in africa. he also called on the uk to take a 'fare share' of refugees fleeing civil war. around 1,300 people are believed to have drowned in the past two weeks.
garnet, Montana was established in the 1860s by miners looking for gold and silver. it was devastated by fire around 1912 and deserted a few years later. now the u.s. bureau of land management is offering free food, housing a job to people willing to live in garnet and work as a tour operator. local folklore says the area is haunted by former residents, with visitors saying they heard music and laughter, even in winter.
the shopfront was once owned by wei Tang who was convicted in 2006 of keeping five Thai women as sex slaves. the brothel, formerly known as club 417, has six bedrooms each with its own shower or spa, as well as a large lounge with a bar and a sitting room. in 2008, the brothel's owner Tang became the first person to be found guilty under australia's sexual servitude laws.
body of Charmain Adusah, 41, discovered by hotel staff face down in a bath. her husband, Eric Isaiah Adusah, is a self-proclaimed prophet and evangelical preacher. he is alleged to have left the hotel hurriedly on the day she is believed to have died.
ranulfo perez, 48, allegedly groped the breasts of a 16-year-old girl. he was arrested at the scene and charged with forcible touching. however he was released after police could not be sure it was him.
people who have never been divorced can expect a retirement income 13% higher. it means an extra £2,100 a year - £17,800 rather than £15,700. one in five divorcees who stop work this year will retire with debts.
comedian and feminist campaigner used fake story to highlight gender pay gap. she claimed she was paid less than her male counterpart for a gig. but she was forced to apologise after new york comedy club owner revealed the story was false.
labial reduction procedures have risen five-fold in the past 10 years. more than 2,000 operations performed on the NHS in 2010. trend is reflected in australia where procedures have more than doubled. the labia are lips which protect the vagina. some women are dissatisfied or distressed about the appearance of their labia.
producers have held auditions at dozens of secondary schools and colleges. move has helped reduce unauthorised absence levels in some schools. around 30 pupils aged 11 to 18 sang and played instruments for producers.
extract from Kim Kardashian's book selfish reveals what she eats each day. includes scrambled eggs for breakfast and fish for lunch and dinner. says husband Kanye loves to eat healthy and is always on different diets.
leroy j. toppins went missing about 6pm on friday while playing with siblings in the front yard of his family's home in Washington court house, ohio. his body was found about 7pm on saturday in a pond at an old stone quarry, a short distance from where he was last seen. police say they have no reason to consider the death suspicious, believing he wandered off by himself.
the 46-year-old former supermodel is training for the upcoming london marathon on 26 April. she suffered a post-partum haemorrhage shortly after the delivery of her daughter Grace, now 11, in 2003. she was forced to undergo a painful procedure whereby doctors manually tore her placenta free without pain relief. her experience inspired her to launch every mother counts in 2010.
Hannah overton, 37, will not be tried on murder charges again in the death of her adopted son. overton was convicted of poisoning her son, four-year-old Andrew burd, with an overdose of salt. her conviction was overturned last year because of ineffective counsel, meaning this would not be a case of double jeopardy. district attorney mark skurka had said shortly after she was released that he would push again for capital murder charges.
fishermen named as Aaron Jones, 27, and Jamie toms, 27. they built the boat using insulation boards, scrap plywood and coat hangers. it held together long enough for the men to set up their rods and haul in fish. but an oar snapped 200 yards off Jaywick, Essex, and they had to call 999.
he said he would not allow lib dems to prop up david cameron in power if he insisted on pushing ahead with his plan to slash £12billion from the benefits bill. he also suggested he would veto a new deal unless the tories agreed new taxes on the rich.
Daniel P. finney, 39, of west des moines, iowa, started out weighing 563lbs and has lost 20lbs in a month. he is one of 79 million obese americans. a combination of intense lower back pain and trouble sleeping led him to see a doctor. his doctor referred him to the Mercy weight loss clinic in west des moines, where he is working with a therapist and a nutritionist.
the FBI have recovered one of the gold bars stolen in a $5 million armored truck robbery in north carolina last month. investigators say the location the bar was found - somewhere in south florida - has provided them with a big break in the case. they believe that additional gold bars from the robbery may still be in south florida. the highway heist occurred on march 1 in Wilson county, almost halfway into the truck's journey from Miami to Boston.
england drew 2-2 with Norway at the seaview stadium on thursday. it was one of the shortest international matches in history at 65.18 seconds. leah wilson took the spot-kick for the first time since saturday. she was virtually anonymous in wider conversations about football.
the 34-year-old beauty walked the catwalk for the last time at so paulo fashion week in her native brazil. the mother-of-two sashayed down the catwalk in a white halterneck dress with knee-high gladiator boots.
police raided Alan Greaves's home in colne, lancashire in september 2013. they found almost 20,000 images of child abuse on his computer and mobile. almost 700 of the images were of the most serious category. there were also 17,821 other indecent images with 106 movies. judge said there appeared to be sexually-explicit images of females aged just 10, or younger, which had assembled over a three-year period.
angela maxwell has returned to her lunch club role a week after winning £53m. the 67-year-old said she would not give up her five-hour shift at the hall. her husband, Richard, told her they would buy a new minibus for pensioners. couple said they would carry on as normal with the occasional splurge on holidays.
David wihby, 61, was arrested on a misdemeanor charge for solicitation of prostitution and resigned on Saturday, according to the senator's office. he has been the new hampshire republican's state director for the last year and her number-two staffer behind the chief of staff. 'i am shocked and deeply saddened that David wihby, my state director and a friend for many years, has been arrested under these circumstances,' the senator said
former goldman Sachs executive Jason Lee, 38, faces charges of rape. court heard he forced himself on the 20-year-old in a bathroom. told her to'shut the f*** up' so her friends in the next room would not hear. rape allegedly happened when he invited the victim and her friends to party.
protesters gathered in new york city on Tuesday night to march against police brutality. the march was organized by national actions to stop murder by police. many of the protesters cited the deaths of Eric garner in staten island and Walter Scott in south Carolina. protesters marched from Manhattan's union square and across the Brooklyn Bridge where they partially blocked traffic.
statistics collected at maastricht university, where cannabis is decriminalised. students who could buy the drug from coffee shops were five percent less likely to pass their courses. at the same time, foreign students who did not have ready access to the mind bending drug did better on average.
SS city of Cairo was travelling from Bombay to england in 1942. it was torpedoed by a submarine 480 miles south of st Helena. hoard of 100 tons of rupees was buried at a record depth of 17,000ft.
a new channel 4 series shines a light on the uk's billion-pound supercar industry. a standard supercar can cost around £250,000, with the exterior paint alone costing up to £10,000. but one woman is breaking the mould, with a little help from her husband.
violeta tupuola has joined the #kyliejennerchallenge sweeping social media. the craze is popular among teens desperate to emulate the bee-stung pout. violeta got the shock of her life when she removed the shot glass and suddenly had such protruding lips that social media users compared her to a duck.
Lord Janner was one of the most prominent labour politicians of his time. he was made a life peer on his retirement from the commons in recognition of his achievements in public life. detectives have interviewed more than 20 men who claim they were abused by Janner in their youth. but the evidence will never be tested in court despite 'credible evidence'
Chris appleton has been working with singer for two years. says blonde locks need to be colored every three weeks. makes her sleep in hair masks.
little Stella Schaefer is being cared for in prison by murder-accused u.s. teenager. she is accused of murdering her socialite mother sheila von wiese-mack. the 19-year-old and her boyfriend, 21-year-old Tommy Schaefer, deny murder. while Stella was being looked after outside court, a blanket fell away. it revealed the child's face to the world for the first time.
UK researchers studied the asteroid impact 66 million years ago. they found the heat near the impact site in Mexico was not intense enough to ignite plant material. a heat pulse lasted less than a minute, too short to set plants alight. it suggests our understanding of the mass extinction event that killed off the dinosaurs may not be as complete as thought.
Mr Yuan, from Changsha, was involved in the accident on march 24. none of the women knew he had been seeing anyone else - some for nine years. they discovered his secret after doctors contacted them to let them know he had been injured.
four-vehicle pile-up happened in central London's goodge street this morning. involved an Audi TT sports car, a Mercedes and two Routemasters. two people were treated at the scene by paramedics following the crash. it forced the closure of the road near the junction with Tottenham court road.
£150,000 supercar crashed into a tree and a bollard in Beaumont leys, leicestershire. one of the rear wheels flew off and narrowly missed a man and his granddaughter. onlookers claimed the driver laughed and said he would buy another.
Natasha hope-simpson became disabled after her leg was crushed in a tragic hit-and-run accident in 2013. hope-simpson has a handicap permit on her car but that was not enough to convince a furious onlooker that she has a handicap. hope-simpson accepted her loss by taking in an opportunity to create wearable art and helped to design her prosthetic leg.
a man has accused rapper DMX and his entourage of robbing him while at a new jersey gas station on Easter morning. the 22-year-old victim said he recognized the 44-year-old rapper, whose real name is Earl Simmons. he said he had a brief conversation with DMX about rap music before a member of the entourage allegedly pulled out a gun and demanded money. DMx then got into one of four black Cadillac Escala
the unusual meet and greet is part of a ticket package offered by a Cambridge-based tour operator ahead of pacino’s three-city speaking tour. but the 74-year-old actor, who has made millions over an illustrious career spanning six decades, is drawing criticism for the pricey promotion. dubbed ‘the amazing experience’, it also includes three nights in a five-star hotel in london, transfers and a ticket to the actor’s may 22 show at the
Corey Edwards was born with a complex congenital heart defect. he had eight traumatic open heart surgeries in a bid to save his life. his parents jemma, 21, and Craig, 28, had been engaged for years. Corey's condition had gradually deteriorated since he was admitted to hospital with a cold, and his parents were warned he had just days to live. staff at Bristol children's hospital pulled out all the stops to grant his final wish by marrying at his
the Karen was towed at 10 knots during yesterday's incident 18 miles from Ardglass on the south-east shore of northern ireland. the 60-foot boat's captain was pictured holding a snapped steel cable on board his boat following the alarming incident.
two 49-year-old women and a 23-year-old man were removed from the plane. they were booked on a flight from bristol to faro in the algarve. the actions of the drunk passengers caused further delays.
thief scaled two-storey antique market before breaking into rooftop vent. he picked three sets of locks and crawled on the floor 'like a snake' thief stole 124 rare timepieces before escaping in waiting 4x4.
Sharon Edwards was last seen on march 14 at her home in Grafton, NSW. she was last seen alive at her home that night and police have traced her last known whereabouts to the nearby suburb of Lawrence. her phone and bag were found in the washing basket in her bedroom on the morning she disappeared. the mother-of-three was due to teach at Coutts crossing public school.
rodney stover, 48, a convicted sex offender lived in the Bellevue men's shelter with a group of convicted pedophiles, rapists, and other sex-offenders. the dilapidated shelter is located just one block from the K through 12 Churchill school for learning-disabled children that has tuition of $27,000 per year. stover was arraigned on Thursday for rape, predatory
the 50-year-old food network star is 'heartbroken' about the split and his wife is'mighty unhappy' with the prenup which is said to favor Bobby. also on friday the new york daily news claimed the actress questioned her spouse about rumours he was romantically involved with January Jones in 2010.
jamar Nicholson, 15, and his friends were hanging out in an alleyway in south l.a. before school on february 10. two police officers working for the LAPD's criminal gang-homicide unit approached the boys with their guns drawn. one of the teens was holding a toy gun that the officers thought was real and it prompted the officers to fire.
surveillance video shows a man chasing a toddler then punching him in the face. the video was posted to social media and shared thousands of times. 23-year-old Justin Whittington of Bakersfield, california was taken into custody on suspicion of child endangerment. the boy's relationship with the man has not yet been revealed.
Andrea Bradley, 28, and Glen. Bates, 32, have been indicted on aggravated murder charges in the beating death of. their 2-year-old daughter last month. the child was brought to a hospital last month dead and weighed only 13lbs - the average weight of a 3 or 4-month-old infant. prosecutors say the child had been badly beaten and had bruises, belt marks and bite marks, and injuries had been inflicted over an extended period of time.
female victim collapsed and started violently fitting in a 20-minute seizure. passers-by rushed to comfort her but one person took advantage of the drama. police have released a CCTV image of a woman they want to trace.
Edwin mee, 46, is accused of abusing or raping 11 female cadets. alleged offences took place while he worked at an army careers centre in croydon. he branded one alleged victim a 'time waster' and a liar.
the director of television wants the sci-fi series to be turned into a movie. but emails show creative team are reluctant to rush into making a film. messages were among 173,000 hacked by north korea.
mandi walkley, 39, and Jacob m. Austin, 52, were in the Dungeness bay. swells were as high as 3ft before they could be rescued by the coast guard. fellow kayaker William d. kelley, 50, remains hospitalized in serious condition. he has improved from critical to serious and is 'not able to speak'
Barry Lyttle, 33, has pleaded guilty to recklessly causing grievous bodily harm. he is accused of leaving his brother in a coma after a late night argument in Sydney's inner-city on January 3. he will now be sentenced in Sydney's local court, where the maximum jail term is two years, rather than the district court, where people could face up to 10 years for that offence. his younger brother, Patrick, was rushed to hospital and spent six days
two best mates from rural victoria have vowed to keep australian slang alive through a range of custom memorabilia. the pair devised the plan for captain cootie cards over twenty years ago in a bid to counter the influx of lingo from overseas. the pair now have a quirky range of greeting cards, coffee mugs, stubby-holders and calendars. but their hopes of spreading the message were dashed after they were
high there! is described as the world’s first global social network for cannabis enthusiasts. it lets users make friends and form relationships without being judged for their habit or views. when it first launched two months ago, it could only be downloaded by users in the us who live in states that have legalised cannabis. but a global version of the app was rolled out yesterday.
the brass desk lamp was given as a gift to servants at leahurst, near matlock. it was used by nightingale as she wrote about her nursing experiences. the 10in tall lamp will go under the hammer at auction on June 26.
residents from fairdale, an unincorporated town 80 miles northwest of Chicago, were told they could return to their homes on Saturday. but buildings in the settlement were virtually flattened when the vortex slammed into the area at around 7pm on Thursday night. officials reported that 17 of the 50 buildings in the town are completely destroyed, while the other 33 have all been damaged in some way.
police were making final security checks as the birth of the duchess of cambridge's second child approaches. police were watched by a small but growing group of royal fans, many of whom had set up camp on benches. leading the pack was self-confessed royal'superfan' John Loughery, 60, who camped out overnight ahead of the 2011 royal wedding.
trade was taking place between east Asia and the new world. this is according to a series of bronze artefacts found in cape espenberg, alaska. archaeologists discovered what they believe to be a bronze and leather buckle and a bronze whistle, dating to around a.d. 600. bronze-working had not been developed at this time in Alaska. researchers believe the artefacts were created in china, Korea or yakutia.
Claire, Emily, Christine and Lily Vincenti were taken from their italian home by their mother, which sparked an ugly dispute. their mother, Laura Garrett, had australian passports made for the girls and fled to australia. the sisters were returned to italy in 2012, after Ms Garrett's story fell apart. the two eldest children, Claire and Emily, said they had moved on from the ordeal.
last friday, 26-year-old Lance futch drove to hill air force base in Utah thinking he was going to be led into an auditorium to talk about how to help veterans get more jobs. instead, futch was sat at a table with Obama, Utah senator orrin hatch, congressman Rob bishop, and salt lake city mayor Ralph Becker - all of whom were wearing suits and ties. the white house had asked lehi-based company vivant solar to send
mother frantically tried to open door when keys to her range rover were locked. eight-month-old boy was stuck in car alone as temperatures hit 23c yesterday. she grew increasingly distressed and called police for help in surbiton, london. officer PC resteghini smashed car's window with his baton to rescue baby. father said there had been a fault with the automatic locking system.
Jondrew lachaux, 39, and Kellie Phillips, 38, turned themselves in after the three children were found. they face child abuse charges, while lachaux is also charged with concealing evidence after the toddler's badly decomposed body was found in the garage. a teenager is also being held on a child abuse charge. authorities say lachaux reportedly impregnated the teen, who gave birth at home without any medical care to a now four-month-old girl
Abubaker deghayes, 46, has left his home in Brighton to travel to the middle east. he has informed the authorities of his intentions to rescue his son amer. the 21-year-old has been fighting for the group jabhat al-Nusra. his two younger sons were killed fighting in Syria in two separate incidents.
savage animals tumbled down a snowy mountainside and crashed onto the rocky beach below during the vicious struggle. wildlife photographer Einar Gudmann caught the violent encounter on camera.
Victoria ayling is running for the key election seat of great grimsby. she made comments after being confronted by her local party. said it was because she had spent 'five months nursing her son back to health after being blown up in Afghanistan'
four-year-old slipped while chasing a bumblebee in the backyard and fell into an in-ground pool at his family's home in Gastonia, north carolina. when the toddler's family went to set up a GoFundMe account to raise money to cover his funeral costs, they discovered several unsanctioned fundraisers. as of friday evening, only $315 has been raised.
Lance Corporal Joshua leakey braved heavy Taliban fire to rescue comrade. he is the second member of his family to receive the highest military decoration. a cousin was given the honour 70 years ago and was invested in ceremony. it is just the sixth time the queen has given a VC to a living recipient.
Jean-Marie le pen, 86, angered daughter marine, 46, with anti-semitic remarks. repeated claim that the Holocaust was 'a detail of history' and praised wartime leader marshal petain, who collaborated with Hitler. now he wants granddaughter Marion Marechal-Le Pen, 25, to stand in his place.
bill would require all new or replacement dryers to operate at a noise level no louder than 84 decibels, about as loud as a school cafeteria. it also wouldn't allow hand dryers blowing air downwards to blow air faster than 115 mph, in case the hand-dryer manufacturer doesn't label the decibel level. bill sponsor democratic senator Chris Edwards said the new generation of hand dryers used to elicit episodes in his autistic son.
Ashley Graham, 27, is the first plus-size model to appear in sports illustrated's swimsuit issue. the model has been working in lingerie since she was 14.
huge amounts of water are mysteriously vanishing from the Sacramento-San Joaquin Delta. the prime suspects are farmers whose families have tilled fertile soil there for generations. a state investigation was launched following complaints from two large agencies that supply water to arid farmland in the central valley and to millions of residents as far south as san diego. at issue is California's century-old water rights system that has been based on self-reporting and little oversight
Edwin 'Jock' mee, 45, allegedly targeted 11 cadets, aged 15 to 25, on a military base in south London, during the army interview and screening process. court heard he had a preference for vulnerable black women born overseas. many of his vulnerable victims were threatened with deportation if they did not submit to his sexual demands, jurors heard.
the unnamed woman's invite was shared on reddit yesterday. she demands a $63.99 water table from WalMart, a $19.99 play tent, a $14.99 play tunnel from Ikea, and a $7.99 Cheerios book. she even requires that her guests include a receipt with their gifts. the recipient of the email labelled the post'most demanding 1st birthday invite ever'
the divorce petition was filed in late february in Tarrant county, texas, where Hamilton played five seasons before moving to los angeles. it doesn't detail the reasons for the split and only cites 'conflict' in the petition, he called for his wife to be banned from using her Maserati and 1972 Chevrolet Blazer. he also requested she be prohibited from 'hiding' the children from him, from allowing men to stay the night while his children are home,
former president greeted a group of Venezuelans visiting the capital of havana on Monday, according to state media reports. the encounters are his first in public since a landmark agreement to reestablish ties between the us and Cuba. he was last seen in public at the inauguration of an artist's studio in January 2014.
the couple, who married a decade ago at the Windsor Guildhall, are spending their anniversary privately at Birkhall in deeside. the new image, which is the work of top photographer Oliver Dann, was taken in the run-up to last month's visit to the u.s. in it, Charles wears a country coat made from inveravon estate tweed and a matching hat by lock & co.
Maurice Thibaux, 67, stormed the catwalk at the Carriageworks in Eveleigh. he said he had no problem with the music but the rumbling that came with it. the french native said he was'very sorry' to have disturbed the show.
a three bedroom fibro home in Leeton is now at the centre of one of australia's most chilling murder mysteries. it is where Stephanie Scott's accused killer, high school cleaner Vincent Stanford, 24, lived with his mother anika and elder brother Luke. detectives clad in blue forensic overalls heaped bags of evidence out the back of the property on Thursday evening. police allege they discovered blood inside the school cleaner's Toyota hilux, a picture of a burnt body on his
ferry sank off the southwest coast of south korea on april 16, 2013. 295 bodies were recovered from the vessel, but nine remained unaccounted for when divers finally called off the dangerous search of its interior. president park geun-hye has pledged to 'actively consider' raising the vessel.
Roxy Wallace, 50, struggled with depression after secretly wanting to be a woman. it led to crippling migraines, which made her distance herself from family. but two years ago, she told her wife of 20 years, Jo, about her feelings. she started on journey of gender reassignment and is now happier than ever. she hopes to have full gender reassignment surgery by christmas.
the family of 81-year-old Larry upright added the political message to the obituary announcing the Kannapolis man's death and burial this week. 'we did this solely to do something nice and honorable for our dad,' said his daughter, jill Mclain.
Viv and Keith won £152,319, 18 shillings and 8d on the pool in 1961. Viv, a cake factory worker from castleford in yorkshire, died on saturday. she announced that her life from now on would be neither sensible nor boring. she was so poor that she couldn’t afford a pair of tights for the press conference.
billionaire founder of Tudor investment corporation, 60, bought the seven-bedroom, 18-bathroom casa apava estate in palm beach last week. the property has 420 feet of oceanfront access, a tennis court, movie theater, swimming pool and gym. it comes just two weeks after he warned that rising inequality could spark a revolution as he gave a sold-out TED talk in canada.
Johnny manziel has been released from rehab after checking into a facility on January 28. the Cleveland browns quarterback is now ready to begin offseason workouts with the team, which begin on April 20. this as many are still wondering what future the highly touted athlete will have in the NFL.
Heidi Bretscher, 28, said she was on pace to run her best time ever. she and two cyclists who were accompanying her missed an unmarked turn around mile 17. she ended up running entirely off the planned route and around a lake that wasn't even on the course. despite her unscheduled detour, she still managed to cross the line well ahead of her closest competitor.
woman accused of smuggling 108 exotic animals in domodedovo airport. customs officials found 55 snakes, 35 lizards, seven turtles, six lemurs and two monkeys. two baby crocodiles died on the 6,515-mile journey from Jakarta to Moscow.
Brian Klawiter posted a message on his company's facebook page on Tuesday in which he announced that openly gay people are not welcome at his business. 'if you want to argue this fact then I will put your vehicle together with all bolts and no nuts and you can see how that works,' he wrote. critics have accused Klawiter of trying to cash in on the anti-gay backlash which netted an Indiana pizzeria over $840,000 earlier this month.
Richard Kerr, 53, said he was one of three youngsters taken to London in 1970s. once in capital, they were allegedly molested by politicians and other figures. account provides first clear link between three alleged VIP paedophile rings.
Tibor Racsits, 42, had gone to pick up his daughter from the movies. the incident took place at Charlestown square in Newcastle, north of Sydney. vision of the disturbing attack showed him being dragged across the road. his daughter can be heard screaming as she runs to help, but she is pushed from behind by a young girl and slams face-first into the concrete.
deckchair was on first class promenade deck when liner sank. it was found bobbing on the surface of the Atlantic by the crew of the mackay-bennett, who were sent to recover the bodies of the victims. one was given by a crew member to captain Julien lemarteleur. it has since been owned for 15 years by an english Titanic collector. auctioneers say it is one of 'the most important bits' of Titanic memorabilia.
condemned Staffordshire terrier Izzy is set to be destroyed after she bit a woman in august 2012. she escaped from her owner's backyard in the Basin, east Melbourne, victoria. the dog was deemed aggressive by Knox city council and was seized by the council in June 2013. this is the first time a dog on death row is having its case heard in australia's highest court.
prince Harry is taking part in exercises with the royal australian artillery. the 30-year-old will hang up his fatigues at the end of the exercises in Darwin. he is expected to return to the uk after attending functions in Perth and Sydney.
third-grade teacher in Denver, Colorado devised a lesson plan called 'i wish my teacher knew...' last month. she asked her students to write down one thing they wanted to tell her, but wouldn't normally in the classroom situation. the results were heartbreaking, with one student writing about missing her father, who was deported back to mexico six years ago.
Bob heslip, 50, suffers from Neurofibromatosis type 1, or NF-1. it is caused by a gene malfunction that causes bubble-like bumps to appear. he has joined the Venice Beach Freakshow as the 'bubble boy' he said for the first time in his life he feels comfortable in his skin.
a string of crimes included drink-driving a steam engine and riding a horse while drunk. they were all placed on the 1904 blacklist after four convictions under the inebriates act of 1898. the list was then sent to landlords who were not allowed to sell them alcohol. each drunkard’s entry includes photographs, their name, alias, residence, employment, physical description and nature of conviction.
Andrew chan and myuran sukumaran have lost a bid to challenge their clemency rejections in the state administrative court. they are now appealing to Indonesia's constitutional court. the move has been labelled as a delay tactic by the attorney-general.
former star of strictly come dancing left newlyweds to it at reception. her mother, Shirley, 80, admitted wedding had been 'fantastic' and 'wonderful' but neither she nor Andy's grandfather Roy were able to recall first dance.
professor Ninian Peckitt, 63, claimed he was attempting to reduce the fracture. he hit the patient up to ten times while a colleague held his head. hearing heard that patient could have been blinded by the force of the punches. he denied any wrongdoing and was 'erased' from medical register.
lobster pound and Moore in cape breton, nova scotia, banned'small screaming children' on its facebook page. it said that it caters to 'those who enjoy food and are out to enjoy themselves' a torrent of online abuse came from disgruntled parents. some said that some adults were more annoying at restaurants than children.
summer elbardissy was partying at fraternity house at wesleyan university. but instead of reaching roof deck, she reportedly fell out of third-story window. moment later, another teenager heard what'sounded like a thud hitting ground' 19-year-old was rushed to hospital with serious injuries, including brain injury. she also suffered a broken skull and pelvis, and lung bruising. had to relearn basic functional skills such as walking and
Charles Kingham, 86, and partner Pauline Moore, 68, have been together for 40 years and bought their home for £35,000 in 1987. they spent two years converting it into their dream home, but it became a 'living hell' after it was converted into an integrated offender management centre. the couple have suffered health problems as a result of the stress.
the 34-year-old reality star was cropped out of a photo of her dining with her husband, rapper Kanye west, and Jerusalem's mayor, Nir barkat, on monday. in the altered photo, her face and body were obscured by a copy of the $692 bill. ultra-conservative news organizations typically avoid printing photos of women because they deem them sexual in nature.
pro-golfer flew to the master's golf tournament in georgia last Sunday. but his clubs did not arrive and he tweeted his frustration to united airlines. the airline apologised and returned his clubs just six hours later.
apple watch will go on sale on the 24th of april. customers can pre-order their watch online beginning tomorrow morning. it will be available in 54 different configurations. customers in australia, canada, china, France, Germany, Hong Kong, Japan, the UK and the us can try on and experience the watch in stores.
three vehicles collided on the Brisbane Valley highway, 2km south of Fernvale. a 40-year-old man with chest and shoulder injuries and a five-year-old boy with chest pain were the first patients flown out by rescue helicopter. a 27-year-old woman with arm injuries and a six-year-old girl suffering from abdominal pain were also being flown out. six others - including an infant and two young girls - have been taken to Ipswich Hospital with
survivors said the two-deck vessel 'flipped' after a commercial ship was spotted and men on the deck ran to one side. women and children sheltering from the cold in the hull were trapped and died as water surged in and the boat turned upside down. 145 people rescued, all from sub-Saharan countries, and nine bodies have been recovered.
superyacht owners throw extravagant parties to one-up fellow members of the world’s one per cent. one party had two live tigers on board, allowing partygoers to pose for photos with the animals in the background. another owner threw a party on a yacht with a tiger in a cage, allowing guests to take selfies with the animals.
body-painted models are photographed against a backdrop of overgrown woodland. intricate detailing of the paint on the naked bodies makes it impossible to tell where the person is. the pictures are the brainchild of artist and body painter, jörg düsterwald.
1.3million families in housing association properties will be able to buy. tories will offer discounts of up to 70 per cent to the families. but the national housingfederation said it will cost £5.8billion. meanwhile, the Chartered institute of housing said the move would do nothing to tackle the housing crisis.
the CH-53E superstallion landed on the shore of this northern san diego county town shortly after 11:30am. the helicopter is twice the size of the humpback whales that sometimes wash up on surrounding shores. no one was injured in the landing and the helicopter was fine to later take off and return to Miramar air station.
researchers at new york university have discovered that the brain can remember 'neutral' or boring events more easily when they are tied to an emotion. they say this points to the adaptive nature of human memory. in particular, the study has looked into how the 9/11 terrorist attacks affect memory retention.
the world's best golfers gathered on the eve of the Masters on Thursday to take on a nine-hole course, often with their wives, girlfriends or kids as caddies. tiger woods showed up with his two children,. Sam, 8, and Charlie, 6, and his girlfriend. Lindsey vonn, who was dressed in a floor-length, spaghetti strap gown, accessorized with diamonds and lv.
multi-million pound yachts, private jets and exclusive bolt-holes are not only the preserve of the super rich. if you know where to look, how to shop and when to book you can holiday like millionaire. jetsuite.com lets those with a far smaller bank balance book private jets for vastly reduced rates.
Colin Kay, 72, was driving his citroen Picasso in great eccleston, lancashire. he fitted a dashcam to his car which showed how he had no time to react. he was left with bruises and his wife suffered a whiplash injury to her shoulder. but the investigating officer investigating the case has now gone off sick. he has now taken his case to the independent police complaints commission.
just 8p in every £10 spent looking after dementia patients goes on research. 19p allocated from each £10 spent on health and social needs of patients. despite extra cash pumped into diseases by government bodies.
more than 2,200 employees are now unemployed after the retail corporation announced it was temporarily closing five stores for 'extensive' plumbing repairs. workers at two Texas stores, as well as in California, florida and Oklahoma, were notified only a couple of hours before they lost their jobs. Walmart will put both the full-time and part-time workers affected by the closures on paid leave for two months. full-time workers who aren't able to secure another job at the corporation by June could
conchita van der waal had worked at the central bank of the Netherlands for eight years. the 46-year-old had also been offering her sexual services for more than £300 an hour. van der waal hinted at her real professional life on her website which has since been removed from the web.
threat came as angela Eagle, labour’s shadow leader of the commons, revealed it was prepared to speak to any other party in a hung parliament. but the SNP, forecast to hold the balance of power with 50 or more MPs, suggested it would hold ed miliband to ransom if he refuses to scrap the Trident nuclear defence programme.
the two four-year pilot culls in Somerset and Gloucestershire should be completed by trapping the badgers in cages and then shooting them, says the BVA. it concluded that the first two years of culling had not demonstrated conclusively that ‘controlled shooting’ could be effective and humane. animal welfare campaigners welcomed the news but said the BVA’s ongoing support for cage-trapping and shooting was ‘regrettable’.
questions raised about former pm's money-making since leaving downing street. he last week denied being in the 'league of the super-rich' but critics have questioned the role of a former prime minister working for other sovereign states.
all three major parties have denied there will be any end to the principle that the NHS should be free at the point of use. critics will say that if GPs had not enjoyed enormous pay rises over the past decade, there would be much more money around.
the 29-year-old stepped out in sophisticated outfit on tuesday. she wore a white chiffon top paired with navy trousers with zip-detail. the party was to celebrate the opening of new restaurant, the Ivy.
camp Siegfried was founded in 1935 by the american nazi group, the german american bund. the group held military demonstrations and taught their children about fascism and eugenics. today, the town of Yaphank is largely a sleepy little town on long island.
gareth macdonald, 30, was killed in 2007 after he discovered his lover was conning him out of thousands of pounds. his parents, Sue and Charlie, raised him in the tiny welsh village of rhewl-mostyn and now regret that they didn't teach him to be more'streetwise' 'he wasn't street wise, he was too trusting and as a parent, that's where you think maybe I've failed him,' says Sue
row broke out between Andrea Trunfio, 36, and Mario Bretti, 64. the pair clashed as they drove their vans away from a disputed site. mr Bretti said his competitor chased him along a busy road. he then cut him off at a junction and blocked him with his van.
monster vegetable weighs more than a three-year-old child. it was grown naturally without the help of any fertilizers. pictures of it have even gone viral.
the app, called eaze, has been dubbed ‘Uber for weed’. it enables people to choose medical grade marijuana and have it delivered by a vetted driver – providing they live in one of the us states where the drug is legal. the start-up, which is rumoured to be backed by rapper snoop dogg, has just raised $10 million (£6.7 million) so that users can ‘find the perfect medicine’ in more states. the sale and
ex-scottish secretary warns talking up threat is'short-term and dangerous' comes as former pm launches stinging attack on threat posed by an SNP. says a labour deal with separatists would mean higher taxes and debt.
Jason lee, 38, a former managing director at goldman sachs, faces trial in eastern long island on charges he raped a woman in the Hamptons in august 2013. the woman accused him of attacking her in a bathroom at the home he had rented with his wife in the summer resort town of east Hampton. Lee has pleaded not guilty and is free on $100,000 bail.
denise fedyszyn, 37, tipped the scales at 20 stone 4lb and wore size 26. was left feeling mortified while on a family day out with her daughters. fairground worker told her: 'you're too fat to ride, I can't fasten the seatbelt' joined a weight watchers group and changed her diet and exercise. after just 12 months, she has shed half her bodyweight and weighs 10 stone.
bring up the bodies has been renamed 'wolf hall II' in preparation. booker prize-winner has cut 'a lot of repetition' to create better play. plays will open at the winter garden theatre in times square tomorrow.
Adam leheup met the woman on the 'Let's Date' mobile phone app. the 34-year-old allegedly insisted on having sex with her despite her shouting: 'No, no' they arranged to meet under the clock on waterloo station. they then went to Gordon's wine bar where he allegedly raped the 25-year-old.
Bilal Skaf was assaulted by three other inmates in the yard of goulburn correctional centre on friday. a '33-year-old inmate' sustained minor head injuries and was treated in hospital before returning the same day. in 2002, Skaf was sentenced to 55 years' jail for his part in a series of gang rapes in Sydney's southwest.
prime minister's wife wears £185 emerald green wrap dress by designer the fold. arrived at conservative party's manifesto launch in swindon.
leaj jarvis price, 24, reportedly shot dead by husband, 25-year-old Eric heath. she ran into doctor's office in Jemison, ala, screaming 'call the police' he then returned to their home and staged a standoff with police. he was taken to hospital with a self-inflicted gunshot wound to the head. has since been charged with murder of nursing student, who was a nursing student.
the oak bottle promises to impart an authentic aged flavour — a process that can take up to two years — in just a day or two. the product, which retails at £50, is the brainchild of 30-year-old entrepreneur Joel paglione.
services by west coast railways suspended following near collision. incident occurred on march 7 in which a train failed to stop at a signal. 100mph collision between steam excursion and a high speed train missed by a minute. network rail ban is the first since privatisation, indicating the gravity of the incident.
taxi driver allegedly assaulted a 20-year-old tourist in jaipur on friday. driver, known as salim, has been arrested and is being held in custody. his arrest follows a number of incidents reported in india against tourists.
Nick Clegg made desperate bid to distance his party from allegations. he claimed the obese sexual predator did not belong to the lib dems. in fact Smith took the party whip for four years in parliament.
brandy savelle and Tony Gervasi had Caesar for about two years. they were trying to teach him to stay outdoors when he wandered off. the family followed tracks in the grass and found a puddle of blood. a day later, a state department of natural resources officer showed up. he said Caesar 'came out of the woods at me running at a trotting pace' he said he 'felt threatened' so shot him.
Google has released an update to its android software allowing owners to unlock their phone with their voice. known as trusted voice, it can unlock a phone simply by hearing its owner say 'OK, google'
size six mother-of-one led a vegan diet consisting of massive quantities of fruit, vegetables and juice, as well as hours of running, cycling and lifting weights. she gained less than a stone in weight during her first pregnancy. took less than two weeks to get back to her starting weight of 8 stone after giving birth to daughter, who weighed 7lb 5oz when born.
thirty-one people were arrested during protests at the construction site. the Thirty Meter Telescope will be one of the largest space observation facilities in the world when it is completed. protesters say the site is on top of sacred burial ground land. a Native Hawaiian leader has called for a 30-day moratorium on construction.
Archbishop of Brisbane Phillip aspinall supports calls for 'gay panic' homicide defence to be scrapped. the defence means a murder charge may be reduced to manslaughter if the defendant establishes their victim 'came on' to them. he also appealed to those who resorted to violence at recent anti-islam rallies.
92 percent of us teens go online daily - and 25% admit they are online constantly. household incomes can influence which social network children use. Instagram and Snapchat are popular with children from wealthier families.
a father from australia posted a video to his youtube channel demonstrating how he gets his three-month-old son to sleep in just 42 seconds.
cod stocks plummeted in the 1980s and 1990s, but industry has steadily recovered since regulations were put in place in 2006. exact cod stock figures remain unknown due to a severe lack of scientific data on the number of fish caught every year.
out of the six biggest Greek islands, even americans will recognise two: Crete - the biggest - and Rhodes (fourth biggest) two will be unknown to us all: Euboea (second biggest) and Chios (fifth); and two will sound familiar lesbos (third) and kefalonia (sixth) you will probably know Kefalonia because this was the setting for Louis de Bernières's novel Captain Corelli's Mandolin and, in contra
Clair Schuler is a drag queen who was friends with Robert durst when he was living as deaf, mute woman. the 71-year-old real estate tycoon used to live on galveston island, on the Texas Gulf coast and went by the name of Dorothy in the early 2000s. when he met Durst he was pretending to be a deaf, mute woman. he was'very infatuated with the
Paul nuttall appeared in the party’s manifesto in thick-rimmed glasses. he was holding a book called ‘British Rebels and reformers’. the vintage hardback is listed on amazon as a 48-page illustrated history book.
quincy hazel and Sabrina golden-hazel, both 44, 'locked the children in a closet for days on end and forced them to eat from a bucket' they also 'never took them to a doctor or dentist' the 12-year-old boy ran away from home last month and told a relative he was too scared to go home - so she took him in. the older child told investigators he had teeth missing and would cry at night because of the pain in his
autistic boy, 11, went missing without food or water on good friday. he was found on tuesday at lake eildon national park, north-east of Melbourne. police helicopter guided on-ground searchers to his location. his parents have vowed to continue holidaying at the camping spot.
the coat of an english bulldog, the ears of a king charles spaniel and the tail of an Irish setter help make up a set of ideal characteristics. the perfect dog also has the body size of a border collie, the snout of a labrador and the eyes of a beagle. more than a third of owners want their dog to have a short, low-maintenance coat.
Madison small, from Ashburn, woke up on monday morning with a severe headache and was rushed to hospital. by Tuesday afternoon, her father, tim small, had contacted the Broad run high school to let staff know she had passed away that morning. on friday, the Loudoun county health department confirmed she died of meningococcal meningitis, which causes membranes covering the brain and spinal cord to swell. it is the school system's first confirmed case in two
Oliver pareece Jones, 37, was last seen at a Walmart in Rancho cucamonga, california, on April 5 around 8.45am. he was captured on surveillance camera checking out of the four points sheraton hotel at 6.26am. he then withdrew $800 in cash out of a cash point before making a stop at a Walmart. he purchased items including clothes, a radio, backpack and camping gear. after he left the
Phil haste, 60, was also told he had not shown a pay and display ticket. he has a valid car parking permit on his dashboard in torbay. businessman is now refusing to pay the fine that was issued last month. he said: 'i would rather go to court than pay the fine. it's diabolical'
geoff Johnson, 37, moved out of home in Omaha, nebraska, aged 17. his mother started compulsively hoarding when he was a young boy. when she died of breast cancer in 2013, they returned and confronted past. they created moving series of images by superimposing their children onto images of the trash-ridden home.
Iona costello, 51, and daughter Emily were last seen on march 30 near their home in the wealthy seaside village of greenport. their car was found in a parking garage on 42nd street in Manhattan, but the pair left no other trace of their whereabouts. relatives of the 'quiet Irish family', who own a horse farm on long island's north fork, reported them missing on Tuesday. costello's adult children have argued that the will granting the estate to I
chlorine gas was carried by favourable winds over flanders fields. it sowed terror and agony for the first time on April 22, 1915. some 1,200 french soldiers were killed in the chaos of that attack. on tuesday the organisation for the prohibition of chemical weapons will hold a commemorative meeting close to the fields.
Kelli Jo Bauer, 45, is accused of stealing more than $100,000 worth of women's clothing and selling these goods out of her sprawling mansion in overland park, kansas. she was arrested at her home after undercover officers visited her and were allegedly shown dozens of clothes, many still with tags of them, that she was selling. Bauer, who lives in a $900,000 home in overland park, had advertised more than 1,000 items of high-end women's clothing on
Karen buckley, 24, vanished after a night out in the city at the weekend. sparking a four-day police search which found her body on a farm. about 300 mourners attended a memorial at Glasgow's George square today. a man, believed to be 21-year-old Alexander Pacteau, has been arrested. he made a brief appearance in a private hearing at Glasgow sheriff court.
two pupils from 'exemplary school' plunged to death in six months. web users suggested fence was put up to prevent more suicides. 'exemplary' school is well-known for its outstanding academic achievement.
poncho originated as humble garment worn by south american tribes. it later featured on the back of Clint eastwood in the Spaghetti westerns. sales of designer-label version carrying personal monogram has boosted profits. wool-and-cashmere designs first modelled on catwalk by cara delevigne.
secretary of state says us will not accept foreign interference in the country. it comes as a Saudi-led coalition continues to pound anti-government forces. the united states has backed the Saudi-led campaign.
council inspectors found shocking state of hygiene at the Steer inn. food in kitchen was mouldy and unfit for human consumption. raw meat was being prepared in direct contact with ready-to-eat salad items. inspectors also found equipment in unhygienic condition due to disrepair. owner David crossfield admitted 17 charges of breaching food safety regulations.
agent Arthur. Baldwin was arrested at 12:30am on a residential street in south-eastern. d.c. he has been hit with a felony charge of attempted burglary and another of destruction of property.
hundreds of products sold at discount retailers have been found to contain toxic levels of harmful metals, plastics and chemicals. a study of four major discount retailers in the united states found that 133 out of 164 products tested contained at least one hazardous chemical 'above levels of concern' an investigation into products sold at australian two dollar stores could produce similar results.
the 83-year-old has been charged with two counts of murder. he has described the charges as 'bizarre' and 'not knowing anything' about it. his late wife, Margaret Penny, was brutally murdered in a hair salon in Portland, victoria on may 3, 1991. her husband, Robert Penny, has been charged with their murders. he was not required to speak during the hearing that lasted less than five minutes.
star friends flocked to twitter to pass on their best wishes to the actress. Christiana amanpour wrote: 'wishing her the best for a speedy recovery''sending all my love to the brave and beautiful @RitaWilson,' Josh groban tweeted.
the changes partially lift a veil of secrecy enshrouding a policy that has been a centerpiece of the government's counterterrorism efforts since the 9/11 terror attacks. the american civil liberties union said the changes don't go far enough in giving travelers the legal due process they are entitled to. the explanations provided to six travelers so far, which were mandated by a federal judge, have been inadequate, the ACLU said.
Mary Murphy, 66, and her partner John wood, 67, died at their home. police initially thought the deaths may be suspicious, but after investigating they believe it was a 'bizarre and tragic' accident.
motorway officers had been standing on hard shoulder on the hard shoulder. they then spotted a caravan heading towards them in the dark. at the last minute spotted the caravan's nearside back window was open. pair dived out of the way with just seconds to spare before they were severely injured. caravan also narrowly missed a workman standing further along carriageway.
preserved remains discovered by street cleaners in north-western Peru. mummy thought to date back to 1100 AD and was wrapped in rope.
81-year-old has been living at sheltered housing complex for eight months. son finds 'terrible' serving of baked potato and corned beef in a fridge. calls for more to be done to improve food standards for elderly in care.
charity runners were sent on an unscheduled two-mile detour at the weekend. blunder believed to have been caused by a race marshal taking a toilet break. they continued past the unmanned marshall point and had to run for an extra three kilometres while the other 900 competitors followed the correct route.
wedding dress choices have become so varied that they fall into very distinct camps - short, boho, quirky traditional and more. brides are thinking outside the box a lot more when it comes to their wedding dresses nowadays.
Steve Smith, 52, opened his first Poundland shop in Burton-upon-trent in 1990. he became a self-made millionaire when he sold the firm for £50m in 2000. he said he wanted to repay his father's initial loan of £50,000 which helped him start the business at just 18. but he still relies on 'pocket money' from his wife Tracy, with whom he has three children: Joe, Ashley and Katie.
duke and duchess of cambridge's puppets will star in new comedy spoof show. newzoids has been likened to 1980s behemoth spoof show, spitting image. will also feature a puppet version of prince harry and a roster of celebrities.
house prices soared by 10 per cent in 2014 but will grow by just 1.5 per cent. it follows last year’s record price hike of 17.4 per cent in the capital. economists said the housing market had ‘got ahead of itself’ last year.
more than 25 women have been airlifted from royal navy ships because of pregnancy. one ship - HMS ocean – even had five pregnant sailors removed in emergency'medevacs' during last nine years. at least one woman was airlifted from HMS Illustrious, nicknamed 'hms Lusty' by crew before it was decommissioned last year. data comes nine months after commander Sarah west, the first woman to captain a royal navy warship, was flown back to
on Tuesday jessa duggar announced she's pregnant with her first child with husband Ben seewald, 19. 'We're expecting!' the 22-year-old 19 kids & Counting star told people. 'We are so excited. the due date is November first, our wedding anniversary' the baby will be the sixth grandchild for the duggars.
the home, dubbed 'pv14', also boasts a 1,400 sq ft roof deck that can fit up to 150 people and a 360 degree view of white rock lake and downtown. the ceilings have been left exposed and the shipping container gates remained unpainted when they were converted into bedroom doors.
kits can cost as little as £5 or even be bought in pound shops. they are intended to provide a temporary solution for lost fillings. price of receiving filling by a dentist in england is as much as £52.
KFC's questionnaire contains a total of 30 questions. it mostly asks applicants to rank their response from'strongly agree' to'strongly disagree' the questions seek guidance as to how potential employees might react in workplace situations. it also asks if it is 'ok for an employee to take a little food if they are underpaid'
severe weather warnings were issued by the bureau of meteorology on sunday, but they did not know exactly where it would hit. the storm was forecast to form between port macquarie and Newcastle. but it turned out to hit closer to Newcastle than port macquarie. it then covered 150km south from Newcastle to wollongong where a third of australia’s population live.
Frank abagnale was played by Leonardo di caprio in 2002 film catch me if you can. he was a conman turned fraud prevention expert who worked for the FBI. in the film he posed as a doctor, a lecturer, a lawyer and an airline pilot. but he changed his ways and now works as a fraud prevention expert. he says individuals in the western world have probably already had their identities stolen.
the 31-year-old was spotted out jogging in london for the second time this week. pippa is preparing to take part in a 54-mile cycle ride from london to britain. the duchess of cambridge's younger sister is a fitness fanatic.
jamyra gallmon of washington was arrested last week and charged with first-degree murder while armed for allegedly killing David messerschmitt, 30. her roommate - and alleged girlfriend - 19-year-old Dominique Johnson was arrested on Wednesday and is accused of being an accomplice. according to court documents, after Gallmon returned from the hotel, she told Johnson that the robbery 'went badly'
more than 100 tonnes of dead fish were found floating in the water. workers had rushed to clear the lake in southern china's Guangdong province.
Andrew Barr was principal of the geelong college, south-west of Melbourne. he was allegedly photographed through a window as he watched pornography in his school office. the school council launched an investigation after the photograph appeared on the social media site Snapchat. chairman of the council said matter was a serious breach of the school's standards.
former first minister hopes to make a return to the commons as MP for Gordon. polls suggest the lib dems face near-wipeout in scotland. senior figures including Treasury minister Danny Alexander under threat from surge in support for the sNP.
Raymond allen, 87, opened the first franchise in Preston, lancashire, in 1965. he became a personal friend of 'the Colonel' Sanders during a conference in Chicago 50 years ago. he still has a personal hand-written copy of the secret recipe which is believed to be made up of 11 herbs and spices. but he said the company has strayed so far from its original concept it's been 'ruined'
DNA extracted from bones found entombed in cave in southern italy reveals they belong to a Neanderthal who fell down sinkhole around 150,000 years ago. researchers hope to further analyse genetic information from the skeleton. DNA is the oldest to ever be extracted from a Neanderthal.
a skeleton of a soldier killed at the battle of waterloo has been found. historians identified the man as Friedrich brandt, 23, a hunchback. he was killed by Napoleon’s forces and was found with a musket ball. the skeleton was uncovered in a car park near the Lion’s mound area at waterloo battlefield just south of Brussels.
researchers have found that bird species are continuing to drop in fukushima. the barn swallow, for example, dropped from hundreds to dozens. this is despite radiation levels in the region starting to fall. and comparing it to Chernobyl could reveal what the future holds.
barrel jellyfish can grow up to six feet and weigh 55lb. dozens of sightings reported off the coast of south west england.
xylella fastidiosa bacteria has ravaged olive trees in the puglia region. it contributed to a 35 percent drop in the region's olive oil production last year. spread has alarmed the eu and led to a boycott of puglian fruit and vegetables.
'night stalker' 57-year-old dubbed 'every woman's living nightmare' jailed for life for string of assaults over 28 years. one of his victims, 23, has bravely waived her right to anonymity in court. she told him: 'your attack literally darkens every piece of joy I have'
single-engine piper PA-32 crashed shortly after take-off in the east of the island. local police said four of the passengers were tourists from spain and two were from britain. the plane was en route to the Samana peninsula off the north coast.
Luke Harris and daryl lee, from surrey, had first child three months ago. now preparing to welcome third baby after enlisting help of three surrogate mothers. couple, who met in 1999 and became civil partners in 2012, show off baby number two for the first time.
the online and high street firm has seen sales double in two years since the Duchess was first spotted in one of its outfits. Among the most popular royal choices was a £195 mist-blue collarless cashmere coat with faux pearl buttons. a different type of Kate effect is being seen outside the maternity unit where she is due to give birth.
labour leader insists he would not be able to dictate policy even if he fails to win a majority and is reliant on them to stay in number 10. remarks come after Nicola sturgeon said labour could only govern with the support of the scottish national party. she laid out what the party must do to get it, including end to cuts, higher welfare spending and big hikes in minimum wage.
the red, worn chair will be removed from its enclosure at Dearborn's Henry Ford Museum and displayed in an open plaza on April 15. two days earlier, it will be onstage when renowned historian and Lincoln expert, Doris Kearns goodwin delivers a sold-out lecture at the museum. the chair has a dark stain on the back, which many visitors believe to be blood from the shooting. historians at the museum say the stain is oil from other people's heads who sat
claim was made by the commander of Russian Space Command. Oleg Maidanovich said someone was hiding satellites as space junk. but in a film he refused to name the country behind the ruse. suggests there could be more satellites than thought monitoring different countries on earth.
police fatally shot Thaddeus McCarroll, 23, after he'refused to listen to them and charged at them with a knife' his mother told police her son 'was talking about going on a "journey'"and a "mission" and mentioned a "black revolution,"'according to police. video shows a man emerging from the home at about 1 a.m. carrying a knife and a bible. officers responded the 'charging' McCarroll
MV Azores was due to leave Lisbon for Bristol at 7pm on Tuesday night. but lawyers slapped a court order on the ship over an 'unresolved' and 'historic' financial wrangle. harbour master then refused to let the ship leave for Bristol. 489 passengers became unwitting pawns in the legal wrangle between a former crew member and the owners of the ship.
Susan farmer, 37, from texas, weighs 43st (605lbs) at her heaviest she was unable to walk for longer than 30 seconds at a time. at her heaviest she was unable to walk for longer than 30 seconds. at 37, she continues to live with her mother, who does all of her washing, cooking and cleaning. but she appears unable to stop buying her daughter the food that is making her fat.
average Briton drinks 17 cups of tea a week, according to youGov poll. those aged 55 and over typically enjoy 21 cups of tea a week. almost a third of women turn to a cuppa to make them feel better when they are unwell.
the song can’t be identified and doesn’t fit the pattern of noise generated by the few known species of beaked whale. scientists at the university of california have recorded the noise more than 1,000 times to conclude that it’s unique in the composition of sounds making the signal and in timing. but the song belongs to a strap-toothed whale, a southern bottlenosed whale or a gray’s beaked whale, according to the study.
Marilyn zuniga apologised for allowing students to write to Mumia Abu-Jamal. third graders in orange, new jersey, wrote to the murderer. she said they wanted to write to him after he collapsed in prison.
bill dudley joined the team nine years ago after growing 'bored' pottering around the house. he says his job 'helps me stay young and I just keep going' his wife Margaret, 71, has nicknamed her hubby 'old McDonald'
two handcuffed inmates were allegedly pitted against each other in prison. trainee corrections officer 'waded in and fired four shots in a row' lawsuit claims guards knew fight would be inevitable if they let them fight.
slain editor of satirical magazine slammed his left-wing critics from beyond grave. in a book he argued that left-leaning intellectuals who denounced the cartoons were ‘ridiculous demagogues’ for doing so. 'it's time to finish with this disgusting paternalism of the white, left-wing bourgeois intellectual seeking to prove himself among the “poor unfortunate undereducated”,' he writes.
temperatures are due to rise throughout today peaking at 22C (72F) tomorrow. that will be the warmest temperature recorded this year and surpass the average daytime temperature for august. that is 11C warmer than the current 2015 high of 20.7C (69F) on Easter Sunday in Aboyne, Aberdeenshire.
governor Mary fallin signed bill approving nitrogen as alternative method of death. nitrogen killings will be 'fast and painless' for inmates, with no medical expertise. opponents say there's no way nitrogen gas could be used safely. executions are currently on hold while supreme court considers constitutionality of three-drug mix.
around 250 men and women from the reconnaissance unit marched through the streets of dereham for the final time. they were supported by more than 4,000 well-wishers, many waving flags, who lined the streets to mark the conclusion of the regiments 15 year tenure. they are set to leave Robertson barracks in Swanton morley this summer and move some 200 miles to their new home in catterick, north Yorkshire.
hayfever sufferers in the uk are expected to reach 20 million this summer. number is up a third from last year as warm weather bathes the country. five million people are expected to fall victim to the symptoms for the first time. by 2030 that figure is expected to surge to 31.8 million sufferers.
Aracely meza, who is not the child's mother, has been arrested in the case involving an attempt to resurrect a two-year-old dead boy at a texas church. in the clip capturing the attempted resurrection, the boy is being held in the arms of meza as others, including a man who appears to be her husband Pastor Daniel Meza, are gathered around. the witness, who said she knew Benjamin's mother since she was pregnant with him, said the
police say an inebriated Sergio barrientos-hinojosa had his 13-year-old son take him to buy beer at the gas station, where he got into an argument and started shooting at another customer. investigators say the father ordered his son to drive away while he fired his gun in the air. police pulled over the car not too far from the gas station. barrientos-hinojosa was arrested late Saturday. no one was injured.
the liberal arts college in Clinton, new york, sent out four alerts in the span of an hour urging students and staff to shelter in place. campus officials said a bomb threat and the threat of a shooting at the recently renovated Kirner-johnson building were received by phone at 9.45am. a bomb squad from Albany arrived on campus at around 2.30pm to investigate a suspicious package that was discovered at the Kirner-johnson building. by 3.30pm, officers examined the item found at the Kirner
munira Khalif from Minnesota, Stefan Stoykov from Indiana, Victor Agbafe from north Carolina, and Harold Ekeh from new york have all been accepted to top schools. they are the offspring of immigrant parents who moved to the u.s. - from Bulgaria, Somalia or Nigeria. all four hope to use the opportunities for good - whether it's improving education across the world or becoming a neurosurgeon.
sculptor of I love Lucy statue in celoron, new york, has called it 'by far my most unsettling sculpture' and pledged to make a new one for free. a whole host of ugly effigies have made appearances around the world in the form of waxworks and tribute statues.
Hilary border, 54, had power of attorney over her 83-year-old mother's affairs. the mother-of-three was required to pay £300-a-week for the 83-year-old's care. but when it doubled to £600 the money was either late or stopped. care home staff tried to contact Border over an outstanding £16,000 debt. border was sentenced to 16 months in prison, suspended for two years.
primatologists at Iowa state university recorded 300 hunts by chimps in sénégal. they found female chimps were using tools to capture prey in 60 per cent of the observations. male chimps prefer capturing prey with their hands. the findings may provide tantalising hints at how humans first learned to use weapons to hunt.
Michael Brelo, 31, made his first appearance in court on monday charged with two counts of voluntary manslaughter for the deaths of Timothy Russell, 43, and malissa Williams, 30. he is the lone officer among the 13 who fired their weapons that night who is charged criminally because he stood on the hood and opened fire four seconds after the other officers had stopped shooting. prosecutors say he waited until after the initial salvo had ended to reload and discharge the last of
Dell'super Dell' schanze, 45, was sentenced to one year of probation on friday after pleading guilty to two misdemeanor counts. he pleaded guilty to knowingly using an aircraft to harass wildlife and pursuing a migratory bird. his admission of guilt follows a plea deal that fell through on Thursday after he refused to admit to the 2011 crime which he said makes him look like an evil, horrible person.
house of cards actress wore a slinky dress from reem acra's fall 2013 collection. won the best actress award for her role in house of cards. eschewed Hollywood fame to raise her two children instead. met and married actor Sean penn shortly after his split with madonna.
advert appears to claim children prefer happy meals to margherita pizza. top pizza chefs in italy have described the advert as 'blasphemy'. true neapolitan pizza association has accused the fast food chain of a'shameful' attack on their cultural diet.
hundreds of people visited 219 stores across australia on saturday. they roamed from freezer to fryer while watching staff continue their daily cooking. fast food giant hoped to dispel 'blanket perceptions' around the quality and freshness of their ingredients. health experts still say that no matter how hygienic the conditions of the 612 outlets in australia are, the food they make just isn't good for you.
the woman in her mid- to late 30s was escorted out of the racecourse. she became 'irate' after a 13-year-old volunteer asked her to stop taking eggs. the aim of the hunt is to raise awareness of organ and tissue donation.
19th century castle near Dunoon was used to prepare troops for landing at a beach. overlooking the clyde estuary and with easy access to the sloping shoreline, the castle was deemed an ideal training ground. soldiers practised beach landings - complete with bombs, smokescreens and strafing fighters. one room is named after churchill and the foundations of the huts built to accommodate visiting troops still stand.
police exhumed the boy's body from his grave in weasenham, n.h., last year. a DNA sample eventually led them to the boy's mother. the woman was arrested on suspicion of infanticide but the charge was dropped. she explained how she had placed her dead baby in the pond in 1988.
Huma abedin spotted with husband and son at quaint new york restaurant. it was her second spicy menu of the week before the presidential campaign. it comes just days after she and her boss were spotted in a chipotle.
lawyers for Robert durst, 72, say he got the money legally and it is not subject to forfeiture in any of his legal proceedings. the lawyers say the arrest in mid-March was timed to mesh with the finale of HBO's six-part series about his wife's disappearance. authorities found $44,000, marijuana and a revolver at his hotel room in new Orleans. they also intercepted a package containing personal items and $117,000 that was sent to the hotel for everette ward
the 120-pound mother-of-four ate three 72-ounce steak dinners in just 20 minutes at the big texan steak ranch restaurant in amarillo, texas. her competitors were allowed to split their meals, but none came close to winning.
more than 200 girls were kidnapped from a secondary school in Chibok. they were forced to convert to Islam and marry militants from the group. president Muhammadu Buhari said his government will do 'everything in their power' to find and return the students.
the detective camera was produced between 1883 and 1887 using a dry negative which was already loaded into the device. it was focused and ready to take a photograph from around six feet away. the camera was wrapped in a small parcel so that it didn't draw attention from the photographers subjects.
Jake castner, 19, went into hiding last week after a warrant was issued for his arrest in relation to an alleged string of thefts. on his fourth day on the run he boasted on the social media site: ‘we don’t talk to police!’. on his facebook page he boasted 'f**k the police can’t catch me when I’m prowling haha raided and hit all the legsyz out of the window with timmy in the shadows
treasure hunter Tommy Thompson, 62, has agreed to go to prison rather than reveal details about haul he recovered from SS central America. in 1988 the 62-year-old led an excursion to the vessel, known as the Ship of Gold, which sank off the Carolina coast in 1857 laden with 21 tons of gold. he was accused of cheating his 161 investors, who paid $12.7 million to find the ship, out of the proceeds.
Christopher furniss-roe was sent to bed early after 'childish' row with sister. father Jason desperately tried to save his son's life but he died the next day. a coroner ruled it was a tragic accident and said youngster was probably looking for'sympathy and forgiveness' for confidential support call the samaritans on 08457 90 90 90, visit a local samaritans branch or click here for details.
Susan Monica, a 66-year-old pig farmer and welder from southern Oregon, went on trial on Tuesday in Medford. she has been charged with killing two handymen living on her 20-acre pig ranch in a small Jackson County community and dismembering their bodies. both victims were shot in the head and dismembered in what prosecutors allege were separate murders committed more than a year apart.
pirates have leaked the first four episodes of season five of game of thrones. episodes titled the wars to come, the house of black and white, high sparrow and the sons of the harpy. they began appearing on torrent download sites on saturday night. they are thought to have leaked from review copies given to press. the first four episodes had been downloaded more than 550,000 times as of early Sunday morning.
people with sleep apnoea are more likely to experience an early decline in memory and other brain functions. at least half a million britons suffer from sleep apnoea. condition causes the muscles in the airway to contract during sleep, which cuts off the air supply. causes disrupted sleep and daytime exhaustion, pushing up blood pressure. those with sleep breathing problems also developed Alzheimer’s disease five years earlier than those who did not have sleep breathing problems.
paramedics found Kyle Hargreaves kissing a girl on a stretcher in the back of the vehicle. the ambulance crew had left the doors open while they collected a 92-year-old man with chest pain from inside the property. when confronted by paramedics, Hargreaves said: 'what's your problem? we are just trying to have sex' he punched paramedic Michael newman three times as the patient was being carried out to the vehicle.
carwyn Scott-Howell, seven, plunged 160ft to his death in flaine, france. he was skiing with his mother, sister and brother when he became separated. state prosecutor Pierre yves michau said it was a 'tragic accident'.
two men arrested after a flight from london to cancun diverted to Bermuda. the Boeing 787-8 was seven-and-a-half hours into its flight to cancun. Bermuda police were seen entering the plane and removing passengers.
Holmesburg prison in Philadelphia, p.a., was built in 1895 and housed some of the country's most dangerous criminals. since its closure in 1995, all that remains of one of the most notorious and violent prisons in american history is cracked paint and crumbling hallways. haunting images published in 2011 proved that government doctors used the jail in Philadelphia to test chemical substances on inmates.
Eileen dee, 68, had been battling cancer when she caught the bug. she was transferred to another hospital while intensive clean was carried out. but there were no notes accompanying her transfer saying she was exposed. husband, retired chief executive, watched as his wife slipped away.
police chased the 29-year-old tourist for 30 minutes before shooting out wheels. after the smashed-up car came to a halt officers broke the front passenger window. the blonde woman was then bundled into a police car to protect her from mob.
jade wimsey would down up to seven cans a day at more than £1.50 a pop. her fizz addiction caused her weight to rocket to 17st 6lb. she is now a slim size 12 having shed six stone in 18 months.
shrinking space on planes is putting our health and safety in danger, say experts. tests conducted by the FAA use planes with a 31 inch pitch. some airlines fall below this, while others stick to a 31 inch pitch.
Muhammad Naviede, 60, was jailed in 1995 for nine years for £45million fraud. he died after his plane plummeted into a field near padbury in Buckinghamshire. experienced pilot had also tried to call the same relative before writing 148 characters within 25 seconds in a text - something the investigation said would require 'considerable dexterity'
Ed miliband admits in the past his party had been 'too timid' about making clear that for communities to live together they must use a shared language. but the tories said there was nothing in his plans to reduce the number of people moving to Britain, after net migration hit 298,000 in a year.
Lord Neuberger said judges and courtrooms should allow women to wear the traditional dress as they should'show, and be seen to show' respect. he said judges should be'sensitive' to fact they come from'more privileged sector of society' than many of those facing them. his address to the criminal justice alliance came at a time of uncertainty over the place of Muslim traditional dress in the legal system.
Hillary and Huma abedin sat for a limited-access 'roundtable' discussion on small business issues on tuesday. abedin had last surfaced on monday at an ohio Chipotle restaurant. on wednesday she was photographed leaving a norwalk, iowa fruit processing company and walking toward'scooby,' the now-famous campaign van. abedin has known Clinton since 1996, when she scored
Glynis barber has changed what and how she eats for the past two years. under the tutelage of nutritional therapist Fleur borrelli, she has changed what and how she eats. in the process, she says, transformed her health and her figure.
a year after he launched his app, leo grand is still homeless. 'i can work at google, I can work at spacex,' he gleefully stated minutes after his carpooling app Trees for Cars went live. but the app is no longer available, and Grand is still homeless.
the family of Abdulaziz al-Hijji and his wife anoud left their 3,300 square foot home in august 2001, but did not leave a forwarding address. an FBI agent who investigated the disappearance said that the family had'many connections to individuals associated with the terrorist attacks on 9/11/2001' the 9/11 commission has not delved into an FBI agent's claims that a Saudi family had ties to the hijackers.
the transport workers' union's national secretary Tony sheldon condemned the requested change to the fair work act. he accused the supermarket chain of trying to reintroduce serfdom.
the tory mayor was given a big kiss on his right cheek by a particularly enthusiastic voter yesterday as he helped colleagues campaign in Ramsgate. as he got in his car later, he was spotted with red lipstick marks on his other cheek. the London mayor took to the streets of Ramsgate, boasting that the polls were turning in the tories' favour.
ex-army tank driver Ian Gibson was subjected to tirade of 'horrible harassment'. 60-year-old joined company as plane refueller in 2007 three decades after discharge. in 2010 he underwent a knee replacement and further surgery on other knee. claims bosses failed to make his job easier after pain became too excruciating.
millions of Brits made the most of the sunny weekend weather today by heading to beaches and parks across the country. a virtually cloud-free satellite image from the european space agency’s metOp-b satellite has been released. parts of Scotland and Wales experienced the warmest temperatures today, with highs of 16.6C in Achnagart, north of fort William. forecasters say the warm weather is set to continue thanks to a third blast of hot air from the Mediterranean.
deckchair was salvaged from the wreck of the doomed ship in 1912. it was one of six or seven picked up and taken back to port in Halifax, nsw. one was given by a crew member to captain Julien lemarteleur. anonymous seller kept it by window overlooking the sea at his home. it was sold at auction to a buyer in the uk for £100,350 yesterday.
Chris rowe, 31, visited doctors five times in two months with a persistent cough. each time, he was dismissed, reassured he was suffering a virus. but after coughing up blood, he was taken to hospital for an x-ray. an x-ray revealed a tumour on the 31-year-old's lung. he has been told his cancer is inoperable, but is undergoing chemotherapy. his wife, who is expecting their second child in June, is
team bus carrying 40 players and coaches was shot at on saturday night. driver appeared to have been hit by a bullet, after initially stating he may have been hit by a stone. security officers on board safely stopped the bus after the driver was hit, averting an accident.
we are handsome will debut their first active swim range on tuesday night in sydney. models will include social media sensation Sjana earp, yogi Amanda bisk, pole vaulter and sprinter bisk and dancer juliet burnett. the designers are known for pushing boundaries but believe there will be only positive reaction to their unusual model choice.
carwyn Scott-Howell was skiing with his family in the french Alps. he became separated from his mother and headed into dense woodland. the seven-year-old fell over a 164ft drop and his body was found last night. his mother cari, 44, desperately tried to find her missing son.
staff heard the baby crying in the ladies' toilet of a burger bar. baby was wrapped in a shirt but was still attached to the umbilical cord and placenta. worker at the restaurant said the mother was 'in a trance' and sat 'in a trance'
Ukip leader was expected at a farm in Staffordshire, as he attacked the government over defence spending. but organisers pulled the plug while he was trapped in his chauffeur-driven car. last year he blamed immigrants clogging up the M4 after he missed an event charging supporters £25-a-head to meet him.
crown princess, 43, visited a farm in the village of Kirke Hyllinge, in Zealand. she took youngest children, princess Isabella, seven, and twins, Josephine and prince Vincent, four, for a day out. the visit was part of Denmark's annual Eco day celebrations.
FBI chief James coney has introduced the tests amid fears his 135,000 agents are slipping behind when it comes to personal fitness. new recruits to the force have to take a physical test but for the last 16 years have not had to undergo any other fitness exam.
the Carlton Tavern was bulldozed by developers without warning last week. landlady patsy Lord was told by owners to close for an 'inventory' but returned two days later to find the pub, built in 1921, was no longer standing. pub was only building in its road that was not destroyed by bombs.
police commissioner William bratton says people had walked past just moments before the device detonated in the early hours of march 6. officials said the explosion may be connected to earlier unsolved bombings at the British and Mexican consulates.
shop owner Eve cope, 60, was away when the thief struck last week. she said she was'scared for the safety of her daughter' thief became abusive towards other customers and kept trying to leave. police said the stolen knickers were not worth enough to prosecute.
a court imposed the blocks because images of the siege were being shared on social media and 'deeply upset' the wife and children of mehmet selim kiraz. the 46-year-old prosecutor died in hospital when members of the revolutionary people's liberation party-front stormed a courthouse and took him hostage.
Tyler grant, a junior at the university of texas, claims a whataburger in Austin, texas denied service because he was wearing lingerie. video footage from early on sunday morning shows a restaurant manager telling Grant and a friend not to enter the fast food restaurant because Grant was dressed in 'inappropriate attire' 'i really believe it was transphobia-driven and I don't think it had anything to do with what I was wearing,' said grant. whata
the celebrity chef will present simply nigella on the broadcaster. it will be her first solo venture with the channel since the breakdown of her marriage to ex-husband Charles saatchi and subsequent court case. show will focus on 'a new pared-down approach to cooking and eating'
149 melon-headed dolphins were stranded on a beach in hokota, japan. rescuers were forced to abandon their efforts after only three were saved. the rest of the animals had either died or were dying, officials said.
a jury decided in 2004 that he should be put to death, and unsuccessful appeals since have focused on whether he was mentally ill at the time of the slayings. no new appeals are pending as Sprouse's lethal injection scheduled for Thursday evening approaches. he would be the fifth inmate executed this year in Texas, the nation's most active death penalty state. medical tests showed Sprouse, a boone county, mo, native, had taken illegal drugs within the previous
former met commissioner Lord Stevens to be investigated over cover-up. claims he failed to hand over key information to the macpherson inquiry. watchdog probe stems from complaint from murdered teenager's father.
wigry national park, in north-east poland, is the furthest outreach of the Masurian lakes, and the most sparsely populated. the area is unspoiled, but it is also exceedingly well set-up for outdoorsy pursuits. the hotel rents mountain bikes and Nordic walking poles, and you could cycle or hike for days.
Leonie granger, 25, lured mehmet hassan, 56, to a casino in west end. used her good looks to befriend the poker player, who showered her with gifts, cash and trips to fancy restaurants. but after going back to his flat with him one night she left the door unlocked so her boyfriend and a second thug could get inside. they tied up the father of three and kicked him to death as they ransacked his home to find his hidden winnings
'Ogle-2014-BLG-0124Lb' is half as massive as Jupiter. discovered using a technique known as microlensing. could help astronomers gain a better understanding of the distribution of planets in the milky way.
officers from police scotland's edinburgh division posted pictures of Lego figures on their facebook page as part of a campaign to raise awareness of crime. last night, victims branded the move as ‘insensitive’ and ‘a joke’. break-ins in Edinburgh rose by 38.7% in the 12 months to April 2014, with 4,101 homes hit.
gas fitter, 35, arranged for partner to be driven past billboard on way to work. he then got down on one knee and asked her to marry him on the billboard. billboard was 20ft-tall and 30ft-wide and featured pictures of the couple.
get rid of sids project had been organising seminars featuring anti-vaccination campaigner sherri tenpenny. the organisation has had its charity status revoked. the decision was effective from April 1 and the organisation had 60 days to lodge an appeal. get rid of sids project will lose its right to tax concessions and deductible gift recipient status.
Francis pusok, 30, allegedly stole a horse in the desert of southern california. deputies tried to serve an identity-theft warrant on him when he was apprehended.
the four-bedroom property in central london's farm street has an indoor swimming pool, gym, lift, cinema room and roof terrace. formerly used as a milking parlour, it became a depot before being knocked down in the 19th century. in 2011 developers took over the site and demolished the house to make way for the plush mansion.
Phylise Davis-bowens, 42, attended Bethune-cookman university in daytona beach, florida, for their 'transformative leadership' program at the age of 37. she said she wanted to join the dance troupe to use her performance work as part of her thesis in 2009. band director donovan wells told her she could try out for the team if she lost 20lb but she was still denied an audition. the 42-year-old said she has ongoing
doctors are putting health of women and babies at risk by performing caesarean sections too readily, UN officials warn. procedure should only be carried out when ‘medically necessary’. just over a quarter of women giving birth in england now have a caesarean.
bull shark took a bite out of his back, torso and head, according to witnesses in palm beach, florida. the victim, who has not been identified, was airlifted to the hospital's trauma unit.
19 kids and Counting star Josiah duggar, 18, has revealed that he has entered into a courtship with 17-year-old marjorie Jackson. the pair met while the pair were taking Spanish lessons together. per the duggar family's courting rules, hand-holding is forbidden until they are engaged and they must also save their first kiss for their wedding day.
shadow education secretary tristram hunt was visiting the school in Derby. he asked the year six pupil who he would vote for in next month's election. the youngster replied: 'to get all the foreigners out the country' the mother of the 10-year-old has said she has now sat down her son. she added: 'i do personally support an australian points system'
Jack was hand-reared by a vet as a chick in 2013 after being discovered with no feathers. he has since broadened his network to a ten-mile radius. he taps on windows to signal he has arrived and even pops into supermarkets and perches on trolleys as residents shop.
details of the RAF's main base on the falklands were published on the mod's website. the aerodrome manual was accidentally uploaded onto a public section. it could have been used as 'an invasion guide' by argentine bombers. the blunder occurred as argentina was described as a'very live threat'
the 24-year-old is one of the most in-demand models in the industry. has contracts with Calvin Klein and Diesel. landed in australia this week to start work on a new campaign. says tattoos are about expression, art and staying grounded.
copeland, 31, and his wife, katrine saltare, 28, were talking in the street just before 4am on tuesday when a man, 22-year-old shezoy bleary, interrupted them. when copeland told the man to back off, the suspect allegedly pulled out a knife and plunged it into the athlete's abdomen and elbow. he then turned on saltare, stabbing her in the breast, buttocks and arm, sources told the
Xiao gao has not spoken a word in five days after drinking the water. a classmate he 'does not get on with' gave him the water as part of a prank. but medical experts say the combination of water, perfume and dust should not have caused that type of damage.
restaurant staff accidentally served alcoholic drink to 10-year-old girl. Ashley dodds ordered a non-alcoholic Sweet Kiss'mocktail' for the girls. but she was disgusted to hear that her daughter had actually been drinking an alcoholic version. restaurant bosses admitted to making the mistake but blamed dodds for leaving her daughter alone while she went for a cigarette.
best friends carmarie and kanya sat buckled into the device at the indy speedway park on Panama city beach, florida, over the weekend. both appear to pass out several times due to the extreme force. to date the clip of their traumatic theme park outing has been watched more than 17 million times on facebook.
Robert cusanelli of WHDH-TV was punished after two jurors told the court they were trailed by a van as they tried to get into their cars. 'he cannot come into this building or be driving a WHDH vehicle for the purpose of doing reporting work on this case,' judge Susan garsh said from the bench. cusanelli admitted that he followed the jurors, saying he made the decision to do so on his own to find out where jurors
captain of flight AI611 claims co-pilot misbehaved and struck him. reports suggest captain was assaulted after asking co-pilot to record information before take-off. both pilots have been derostered and an inquiry has been ordered.
in 84 days from November 2013 to January 2014, the area around Azle, texas, shook with 27 magnitude two or greater earthquakes. scientists believe these earthquakes were the result of high-pressure injection of drilling wastewater into the ground. the oil and gas industry uses injection wells to get rid of wastewater, which can have chemicals, heavy metals, salt and radioactive material.
skeleton of the last plantagenet king of england was found under a car park. it was found to have a distinctive scoliosis of the spine. the condition caused one of his shoulders to be slightly higher than the other. this was probably an exaggeration of a spine deformity known as scoliosis. tailoring and specially fitted armour probably helped hide the condition.
INXS guitarist Kirk pingelly and his surfing champion wife layne beachley won their case against a neighbour. Wendy goyer claimed her'small but charming view' would be obstructed if an addition was built. council approved plans for additions to be made to the 762 square metre home back in august 2013. the couple argued there are no possible 'practical' alternatives.
justice Diana Bryant has spoken out about australia's surrogacy laws. she believes commercial surrogacy is banned in australia. this means hopeful parents are forced to enter into unlawful arrangements overseas. her statement is backed by a recent bout of child abandonment cases.
the unique experiment tracked stolen data as it landed in five different continents and 22 countries within just two weeks. the data was viewed more than 1,000 times and downloaded 47 times. some activity had connections to crime syndicates in Nigeria and Russia.
amelia-jane Harris, 20, used to weigh 27st 10lbs and was bullied at school. she developed crohn's disease and lost 18st in 20 months to become a slim size six. but she says her new 'dream body' is actually a nightmare. miss Harris regularly vomits up her food and suffers excruciating bowel pain. says she would give anything to get her fuller figure back and eat normally again.
poll by youGov ahead of Charles and Camilla's 10th wedding anniversary reveals 49 per cent think she should become queen. 35 per cent believe she should be given a lesser title out of respect to Diana, princess of wales and 16 per cent were undecided. legal experts say unless there is change in law, Camilla will technically become queen no matter what title she actually uses.
Kyle Iveson, 24, burst into a convenience store in lancashire. he demanded cash from shop assistant Karen brown, 54, behind the till. he tried to disguise his identity by lowering his voice, but she recognised him. Iveson escaped with £650, but was quickly arrested and jailed for three years.
the former president made the comment while on a visit to Oklahoma city. he was speaking at a ceremony marking the 20th anniversary of the car bombing that killed 168 people at the Alfred P. murrah federal building in 1995. he drew parallels between the 'evil' behind the bombing and the terrorism of boko Haram in north africa, ISIS in Iraq and Syria.
the former child star turned real housewife is speaking out for the first time since her arrest last week following a drunken altercation at the Beverly hills hotel. in an emotional interview with dr. phil, she discusses her longtime struggle with alcoholism. the 50-year-old is scheduled to appear in court on may 10.
underwear model and animal rights activist Sarah stage, 30, has documented her changing figure via her Instagram page. the mother-to-be came under fire last month as more and more critics spoke out against her unusually trim and toned figure. the snapshot of herself in a bra and thong underwear has been liked nearly 45,000 times since it was posed.
zookeeper at the Zoological center in Tel aviv filmed animals drinking. Elad hershkowitz placed a GoPro camera in the animals' water troughs. the 26-year-old then cut the final footage down to four minutes.
retired soldier, 73, has been arrested by detectives investigating his death. he is being taken to northern ireland for questioning at the police's serious crime suite in Antrim. case was recently re-opened by the police service of northern ireland.
great-great grandmother Betty Johnson, 86, was a Kansas city chiefs season ticket holder since 1986. she had said goodbye to everyone except her team. but her dying wish was granted on Thursday after a visit from chiefs Hall of famer Nick lowery. she passed away shortly after, just as lowery was leaving, her family said.
Tonya Stack, wife of lieutenant governor michael Stack, allegedly made an obscene gesture then threw a cup of soda on state representative Kevin boyle. boyle claims she 'flipped me the bird' as soon as she spotted him at a fundraiser in honor of a slain Afghanistan veteran. when he described the gesture aloud as 'a trashy move', she retaliated by hurling the dark, sticky liquid at
Chen yuntao, 38, wears a horse mask as he kneels on the streets. he has a sign asking for 'kind-hearted' people to get on his back for 5 yuan. fundraising is part of a desperate bid to raise money for son's leukaemia treatment. family are 160,000 yuan (£17,500) in debt after son's treatment.
the sun columnist has heaped praise on australia's success in stopping boats. 'they threaten them with violence until they bugger off, throwing cans of castlemaine in an Aussie version of sharia stoning' her tone has won few friends in europe and her timing, even less so, coincided with the drowning of up to 900 men, women and children on a sunken fishing boat, off italy.
Timothy fradeneck, 38, was arraigned on first-degree murder charges in the deaths of his wife, 37-year-old Christine fradeneck and their 8-year-old son. authorities say that fradeneck strangled his wife, 2-year-old daughter celeste and 8-year-old son Timothy with a USB cord. he is also charged with child abuse.
campaign video sees sesame street favourite go through the process of getting vaccinated and explaining to children why it is so important. released in the wake of a measles outbreak that started at Disneyland in december, sickened 147 people in the u.s.
workers have begun posting photos of their broken umbrellas scattered in gutters and discarded in bins along with the hashtag #umbrellageddon. 'weather 47 - 0 umbrellas. #umbrellageddon,' Brendan duong posted on Instagram after spotting two colourful brollies poking out the top of a Sydney bin. pricier umbrellas sometimes come with guarantees against their frames but if damage is caused by the wind manufacturers say that does not constitute a faulty frame
list of'religious punishments' laid out by the terror group. includes 'death' for anyone who insults God or blasphemes against Islam. adulterers who engage in a sexual relationship are to be stoned to death. couples who have an affair without sexual contact can expect 100 lashes. those guilty of 'highway robbery' face crucifixion and 80 lashes. offences such as drinking wine or making slanderous comments
baby elephant, Nadia, is tied to a pole and forced to do tricks for guests. the campaign was kicked off by australian, jaime singleton, after she saw the baby elephant tied up outside a restaurant at marina Phuket resort. she said the resorts don't own the elephants themselves, and instead rely on private contractors who'rent' the animals out to different places.
13 choristers resign in'solidarity' over sacking of music director. Stephen hogger, 55, had been at church in lavenham, Suffolk, for 17 years. villager:'some people feel he can come across as abrasive and rude'
Chancellor dodges calls to rule out further help for the country's top earners. offers vague answers when asked if those earning more than £50,000 could see rate lowered. says tories are committed to raising tax-free personal allowance to £12,500. also says raising 40 per cent tax so it only applies to those earning £50,000.
Raffaele sollecito, 31, was pictured out and about in the italian capital. he was spotted browsing through the lingerie section of a shop. comes two weeks after he was cleared of killing student, 21, in 2007. he spent four years in prison after previously being found guilty of murder. both he and former lover, american Amanda Knox were acquitted in march.
the images were posted on social media, including the jihadi forum. the group released a statement with the images that attempted to justify the mass desecration. it said graves above the ground suggested that the dead person was closer to Allah than the living, so must be demolished.
a 4WD containing four children and an adult has crashed into a lake. the car crashed into a lake at Wyndham vale in Melbourne's outer west. one child died in hospital and another died en route to the hospital. the fourth child was flown by air ambulance to the royal children's hospital. the driver remains in a stable condition in hospital.
Richard Sherman has shared a photo of himself and his girlfriend Ashley moses with their son, Rayden. Rayden was born on february 5, just four days after Sherman and the seahawks lost the super bowl to the new england patriots. the football star and his girlfriend are seen cradling the newborn, with the football star writing; 'best part of life'.
looking after a newborn baby is one of the most exhausting periods in life. well-meaning visitors arrive armed with gifts for the baby. but there are pitfalls to be avoided when cooing over a newborn.
asylum seeker Jafar Adeli, 32, arranged to meet someone he believed to be 14. he engaged in sexual conversations online and sent an indecent image of himself. when he arrived at the bus station he had three condoms in his pocket. but instead of being greeted by a schoolgirl he was confronted by police. video of his arrest has been viewed more than 10,000 times on facebook.
the handbag clinic has opened in Chelsea to cater to the needs of well-heeled clientele who want to restore their bags to their former glory. famous clients who have indulged in the luxury treatment include imogen thomas and made in chelsea stars. prices are bespoke, depending on how stained or damaged a bag is, with costs for minor repairs starting at £24.95 and the average restoration costing £135.
Jon czerniecki positioned trail cameras to spot deer on his grandparents' farm near Wangaratta, northeast victoria. he serendipitously captured a bizarre clash between a kangaroo and a pair of domestic dogs that lasted for over nine hours. wildlife specialist said the kangaroo should have been able to escape the dogs and must have been'suffering immensely'
new book, airline visual identity 1945-1975, revisits golden age of air travel. posters were created for the biggest airlines of the day, including BOAC and continental. many featured beautiful women in an effort to glamorise destinations.
tiny copper coin, which is smaller than a penny, dates from the iron age. it was found in silt after the river Avon burst its banks between Bristol and bath. on one side there is a horse’s head, while the other bears the image of the goddess Tanit, the chief deity of carthage. find suggests that the village of saltford, where the coin was found, was on a major trade route long before roman times.
Dawn bainbridge, 47, led 'family business' stealing clothes from high street. she and daughters Claire, 21, and caitlyn, 19, sold them on through facebook. their firm took more than £7,000 in online payments in just four months. in a note seized by police, one daughter boasted of making £100 a week. court heard none of the women have any assets that can be seized. they face up to seven days behind bars if they fail to pay £1 each
Joanne bolton was repeatedly knifed in the head by her violent boyfriend. the 35-year-old was stabbed over 14 times during the 'brutal and merciless' ordeal. she begged Steven young to put her to bed so she didn't die on the floor. young was jailed for 18 years after admitting attempted murder of miss bolton.
Hailey Baldwin, 18, is the daugher of actor Stephen Baldwin. she stars in a new shoot for the may issue of Elle magazine.
Sharon Edwards, 55, was last seen between 10pm and 11pm on march 14. her car was left parked in her driveway and her clothes were thrown in the washing basket in her bedroom. her son, Eli, said his family was struggling to come to terms with her disappearance.
cancer that has spread and is incurable kills 1,000 women in britain every month. researchers from manchester university have developed a new combination of drugs which could overcome this problem. they are testing the drug Sulforadex in the most common type of breast cancer, affecting 70 per cent of patients.
many said their children were not mature enough to learn the life-saving skill. even greater number said their children would not know the difference between 999 and 911, the emergency number in the us. survey of 757 parents was carried out by mumsnet, the largest internet community for parents.
researchers found coffee can stop the growth of tumours in women who have already been treated with the drug tamoxifen. most breast cancer tumours rely on the hormone oestrogen to grow. tamoxifen blocks oestrogen from reaching the cancer cells. this means the cancer either grows more slowly or stops growing altogether.
Airbus are set to add an extra seat to each row of their airbus 380. the change is due to come into place in 2017. there will be a fourth class in response to the dreaded middle seat.
Jason warnock, 29, was driving Wednesday morning in Lewiston, Idaho when he saw debris in the road and looked up to see a vehicle crashed into a chain-link fence. he then parked his car, ran up a pedestrian footbridge and pulled driver Matthew sitko, 23, out to safety. warnock chatted with sitko for a few minutes, but left as soon as police arrived because he had to get back to work. since he didn't stop
two Brazil nuts provide 100 per cent of our daily requirement of 75 micrograms of selenium. selenium is needed for the production of antibodies, important for a healthy immune system. researchers have also found it activates an antioxidant that helps reduce the risk of bladder and prostate cancer.
the andaz Liverpool street is a celebrity-baiting boutique hotel in central london. it is built on the site of the first hospital for the mentally ill in the uk. four of the hotel's 267 rooms have been decorated by trendy artists.
Kate 'grabbed Michael by the throat' after argument at their home in florida. when police arrived she was visibly drunk, had bloodshot eyes and slurred speech. she was then taken to the palm beach country jail and charged with battery.
Christianne Boudreau's son Damien was killed fighting for the Islamic state in syria last year. the Calgary mother thought her son was going to Egypt to study Arabic, but authorities later told her he had gone to turkey. she is now working to stop other families from losing their radicalized children to the extremist group.
Tykeran Hamilton, 25, borrowed the rented black BMW 3 series and drove around. he spotted a friend waiting for a bus, leaned out of the window and shouted 'watch this' before accelerating up to 70mph on a residential road. moments later, he crashed into cyclist Alan knight, 64, who was crossing the road while on his morning paper round. Hamilton fled the city and denied any involvement in the tragedy. he admitted causing death by dangerous driving, driving without
Eve addison, 24, developed a strange swelling in her collarbone whenever she drank gin and tonic - and assumed she must have an allergy. but when switching brands failed to help and she developed night sweats and a rash, she saw her gp. tests revealed she was suffering Hodgkin lymphoma - cancer of the lymphatic system. swellings are enlarged lymph nodes - oval-shaped glands that help the body recognise and fight germs.
the bones belong to a pony-sized herbivore with scaly, plated skin. they were found near a mansfield, texas, grocery store in september. it took over seven months to obtain necessary permits to dig up the fossil. scientists believe the bones belong to a nodosaur, a pony-sized herbivore that dwelled on land.
Betty willis, 91, died in her overton, nevada, home on sunday. the 91-year-old artist's often-copied sign sits in a median in the middle of Las Vegas Boulevard south of the strip. in 2009, the sign was added to the national register of historic places.
labour leader said second poll 'ain't going to happen' even if he becomes pm. comes as former pm warns the SNP is 'waiting for a good excuse'. he said the SNP were 'determined to prise apart the united kingdom'
Catherine Gerhardt received a nasty response when she reached out to competitors and asked them if they were interested in collaborating. she now uses her experiences to educate other adults and children on how to deal with online 'flamers' much like a troll, a 'flamer' sends messages with the intention to hurt the recipient and get a reaction. an internet troll often trawls through social media, hunting for victims, while a 'flamer' waits for the
builders in pingjiang county, Hunan province are constructing a mountain road for tourists. without ropes or safety harnesses, and only hard hats to protect them if they fall, they carry heavy planks and wheelbarrows full of cement. officials hope that the road will draw thousands more tourists to the area, as they flock to walk along the scenic route.
coroner raises concerns over lack of swimming lessons in national curriculum. a 15-year-old drowned in a river on the first day of his summer holidays. coroner will now write to government chiefs to ask why swimming is not included in secondary school education. hearing heard that swimming is compulsory during primary school but is not enforced for those aged 11 or over.
Lidia quilligana was arrested in Danbury, Connecticut last month after police viewed a video that allegedly showed her choking and beating a 3-year-old girl. she was also caught allegedly burning the girl's legs, arms and hands on a hot stove as she screamed out in pain. this after the girl's family set up a nanny cam thinking that something was happening to the girl.
six-month-old Andrea died after being flung at a wall by her father in 1999. meyrick fowler, then 24, flew into a rage when his lottery numbers didn't come up. he was convicted of her manslaughter and jailed for four years. but police failed to tell her she was burying her with vital organs missing. her liver, spine, bowel, lungs, kidneys, heart, spleen, stomach,
a casting call has been put out for a female body double for Sienna miller. applicants must be 5ft 6in, have a 2512in waist and be flexible. they must also be able to do a host of yoga stances like the scorpion.
'reenactment mfs' - the secret police of the east german state - is a new book containing the photos. they were used as evidence in show trials against those they caught. also thought to have been used for training border guards and trainee agents. photographer arwed messmer found the pictures in a box at the Stasi Archive in Berlin.
DVLA has been accused of 'heavy-handed and draconian' behaviour. clamping soared after the paperless system was introduced last year. critics allege the authority was too quick to penalise motorists.
former Missouri auditor tom Schweich had talked for years of taking his life - and had become increasingly agitated over politics, according to new police reports. police have found nothing to suggest the death of Schweich, who was running as a Republican candidate for governor in 2016, was anything other than a suicide. Schweich told an aide on the day of his death that he would have to either 'run as an independent or he needed to kill himself'.
of the 2,071 people surveyed, 22 per cent cited their pets as a close family member, above in-laws (21 per cent) but below grandparents at 26 per cent. research commissioned by matalan for its made for modern families campaign.
images show french paratroopers dropping into hostile territory near terrorist havens on the Libya-Niger border. taken during an airborne operation at the 'Salvador pass' at the border between Libya and Niger. the shots show part of the anti-jihadist operation in the desert region which stretches across north africa.
a'megadrought' is forecast to hit the us in the coming decades. parched states are turning to increasingly radical solutions to fill reservoirs. Arizona is leading the way with plans to create artificial rain clouds. they hope the technology will allow them to mitigate some of the worst impacts of climate change – but not everyone is convinced.
four young sisters were dragged from their mother's home in the middle of the night and forced onto a plan to return to their father in italy. the girls' mother had taken them from their home in italy on a 'vacation' and never returned, claiming the girls' father was an abuser. the girls' mother has consistently maintained that she was removing her daughters from australia for their own safety. 60 minutes has returned to the village near Florence where the girls have been living with their
the all-gender restroom has opened in the Eisenhower executive office building. facility is the first of its kind at the white house. according to spokesman it fits in with the administration’s stance on LGBT issues.
hotel industry insider turned author, Jacob Tomsky, shares his tales from working in two top hotels in new orleans and new york city. toiletries and towels are definitely the most popular items for guests to pocket. despite common misconceptions, you can get away with pocketing a plush robe - without incurring any charges.
Dale would drink up to 12 pints a night and ballooned to 24 stone. he decided to shed the pounds after seeing a photo of himself out. gave up fatty readymeals and greasy takeaways and started going to the gym. has now lost 10.5 stone and said he can now go on nights out confidently.
Robert Tomanovich, 55, first hung a noose from a tree and a Confederate flag. when neighbours complained, a second noose appeared on a tree outside his tree-cutting business which operates at a second property on the same street. an employee has admitted that the second noose was a deliberate move to antagonise locals.
scientists have long known that sleep, memory and learning are connected. most animals, from flies to humans, have trouble remembering when they are sleep-deprived - a process known as memory consolidation. but a team of experts at brandeis university in massachusetts believe all-nighters to cram before an exam won't work. they believe the memory neurons that are responsible for converting short-term memory to long-term ones, work most effectively when a person is asleep.
fulton county superior court judge Jerry baxter had delayed sentencing by a day and encouraged all to negotiate deals with prosecutors. he gave a former teacher a 7 p.m. to 7 a.m. curfew at home for one year and a former testing coordinator six months of weekends spent in jail. the remaining eight received harsher sentences, ranging from one to seven years in jail. evidence of cheating was found in 44 schools with nearly 180 educators involved, and teachers who
Tavon Watson, 24, was doing 100mph at the exotic driving experience at Walt Disney world in Orlando when he slammed the $220,000 lamborghini on the passenger side into a guardrail. investigators say that evidence suggests Terry tried to grab the wheel and 'counter steer' the out-of-control vehicle. video from inside the red lamborghini reportedly showed that the car spun three times before careening into the guardrail at 100mph. father-of-one Gary Terry died
Michelle heale of Tom's river, new jersey, broke down during her murder trial this week as she reenacted the moment a 14-month-old boy died. she claims she was trying to burp Mason hess when he began choking on his applesauce and that his neck snapped backwards when she took him off her shoulder. the mother of twins, who were in the next room when the incident happened and then just three years old, was charged with murder and end
mouth ulcers may seem like a minor ailment but can actually be distressing. the pain can severely impact on quality of life, as eating and drinking are affected. as many as 20 per cent of people suffer with the occasional single mouth ulcer. these are usually shallow and occur on the tongue or inside the lip or cheek.
the video features dry ice, glittering podiums and the obligatory key change. it is designed to show tories, lib dems, labour and ukip are all singing same tune. video does not feature green leader Natalie Bennett at all.
in 10 battleground constituencies polled by the tory peer Lord Ashcroft, support for ukip has fallen in nine of them. support for party has more than halved in two seats and by more than a third in most of the others. revelation comes after a leaked poll revealed mr farage is on course to lose his own Parliamentary election battle in kent.
Iranian officials made the decision following claims two of its citizens were abused while returning from an off-season pilgrimage at jeddah airport in march. announcement comes amid escalating tensions between the two regional powers, particularly over Saudi-led airstrikes in Yemen.
where chefs eat has more than 3,000 chef recommendations. love food hate waste stores details of all the foods you have at home.
James and hope canaan left the Gloriavale Christian community last month. they fled with their twelve children and few worldly possessions. the family are adjusting well to life in the wider community, a relative said. the father accepted a farm job and the family moved into a home with modern appliances.
Annegret Raunigk, 65, plunged into a vortex of travel and trials thanks to the wish of her youngest of 13 children: 'i want to have a little brother or sister' schoolteacher from Spandau, Berlin, is set to become the world's oldest woman to give birth to quadruplets. but there are major fears that the health risks for her unborn quads will spike massively if they are induced early.
'i think John Kerry tried to come back and sell a bill of goods, hoping maybe that the Iranians wouldn’t say much about it,' the Republican lawmaker said during his Thursday program. responding to the supreme leader of Iran's proclamation yesterday that there would be no formal pact unless sanctions relief is 'instant,' said he had'sympathy' for Iranian Ayatollah Ali Khamenei.
Rajul patel, 35, targeted wealthy victims as they worked out at gyms. he obtained memberships using the stolen driving licence of a gym-going doctor. in one spree, patel stole a man's platinum wedding ring, first-year anniversary ring, and a 40th birthday bracelet.
Hannah Moore, 20, from west lothian, shared photos of her post-childbirth body. she gave birth to twin girls, Lily and grace, in June last year. stretchmarks, pubic hair and naked breasts have all been censored on site. mum-of-two claims her account was deleted 'within two minutes'
the minister for investment and trade, who battled depression for 43 years, appeared on ABC's Q&a program. he said he tried to trick himself into thinking he was happy with an unconventional approach. 'for 10 years, i drove to work with a pen in my mouth because someone told me if your face is configured like you're smiling, your brain thinks you are and it releases endorphins,' he said.
Rebecca Calder, 24, was jailed for a year today after pleading guilty to nine counts of theft. at her peak she was draining up to £300 a day from her disabled victims' accounts. she posted regular partying pictures of facebook not knowing the victims' family. they had installed a spy camera and filmed her taking cash.
the USS Oklahoma capsized after being hit by nine torpedoes during the surprise attack on pearl harbor on december 7, 1941. 429 sailors and marines onboard were killed; only 35 were identified in the years immediately after. Hundreds were buried as unknowns at cemeteries in hawaii. in 1950, they were reburied as unknowns at the national memorial cemetery of the Pacific - also known as the punchbowl. move is apparently a part of a
Tavon Watson, 24, was taking racing advice from instructor Gary Terry, 36, when he lost control of the italian supercar at the exotic driving experience at Walt Disney world. Terry died at the scene while Watson was rushed to celebration hospital near lake buene Vista for treatment where he was later declared stable. driving days at the track start at $99 and can cost as much as $2,500 for a full race experience.
PC Ronnie lungu was singled out as 'a marked man' by his force. the 40-year-old was passed over for promotion in favour of white colleagues. his internal assessments were secretly downgraded to make him appear unworthy. tribunal also heard derogatory comments were made about his colour violating his dignity.
conservative candidate standing to be an MP in Stoke-on-trent central. he is pictured appearing to lick a female friend's breasts on facebook. but he insists the pictures show him having fun 'like a normal person'
Margaret Gretton, 46, has been barred indefinitely from the profession. she referred to the applicant as a member of the terror group. she also talked of 'bombs and blowing up the school' in an Asian accent. panel said she showed no remorse for 'deliberate' and'repeated' actions.
the former new england patriots tight end, 25, has pleaded not guilty to murder and firearms charges in the death of semi-pro football player, Odin Lloyd. if convicted, he faces a maximum penalty of life in prison.
Iain Duncan Smith suggested zero-hours contracts should be re-named 'flexible hours' labour said the 'Marie Antoinette' moment showed 'out of touch' tories. future of zero-hours deals has become of key election battle over jobs.
the 67-year-old was asked: 'have you seen Kelly Clarkson? you know the singer, Kelly Clarkson? Holy cow, did she blow up?' in reply, he said the 'american idol' winner has 'a lovely voice', but added that she 'could stay off the deep dish pizza for a while' within minutes, his comments had sparked outrage online. now, the veteran news man has apologized for his 'offensive' remarks.
truck driver Trevor Vale posted a five-minute video on social media on tuesday. he was frustrated at the lack of interest from australians in paying respect to the ancestors who fought so bravely for their country. in the video, which has been viewed over 800,000 times, he calls on Australians to make it their business to attend an anzac day service.
more than 40 years after the exorcist left cinema audiences green, the Vatican has gathered a team of experts to give ordinary Catholics the tools needed to recognise a case of demonic possession. in 2013, pope Francis appeared to perform an exorcism on a young man in a wheelchair who shook violently when the pope laid his hands on him and said a blessing.
the families of two slain police officers threw out the ceremonial first pitch at the new york mets' home opener at citi field. the widow of 'American Sniper' Chris Kyle pitched in for the San Diego padres. new england patriots quarterback tom Brady also threw out a first pitch, at Fenway park in Boston - but threw the ball straight at the ground. de Blasio's relations with the police department are
'political correctness be damned, we have to stay with what is literally correct'. comments come in response to speculation that Idris elba is next 007. hackney-born actor is seen as leading contender to replace Daniel Craig.
max Muggeridge, 19, from the gold coast caught a four metre tiger shark. the avid angler was camping at Tweed heads on the nsw border. he spent three hours reeling it in after it took a bite of his fishing line. the huge creature is one of the largest tiger sharks ever caught off a beach.
toddler fell into pit at the cheetah exhibit at the Cleveland metroparks zoo on saturday. his parents jumped in and pulled him to safety before paramedics arrived. zoo director said there is a strong chance charges will be pressed on monday.
celebrities and music lovers gathered on Friday in the southern california desert for the beginning of the annual Coachella Valley music and arts festival. the 16th edition has attracted large crowds as festival goers danced around in the sun while performers took to the stage. this year's lineup includes rapper Drake, Florence and the Machine, FKA Twigs, David Guetta, the weeknd, alt-j and toro y moi among others.
the exotic dancers were hired by the deceased's wife as a last gift. they gyrated around the coffin to maroon 5's move like jagger. the dancers even draped themselves over the casket as part of their routine. the funeral home in Taipei was turned into a makeshift gentleman's club.
the baby, a boy named prince Irfan, was born in the Swiss city of Geneva last Saturday and both mother and child are doing well.
Whitney Fetters, from putnam city, oklahoma, turned herself into cops in february after other students told teachers about the pictures. she has been charged with soliciting sex with a minor and possession of marijuana. she allegedly planned to invite the boy to spend the night with her as she was house-sitting'so they could get high and have sex'
Leeds-based direct line is running a competition called #EverydayFix. they asked groups to design products to deal with common problems. these include forgetting to lock the door, which one company hopes to solve with their Forget Me Lock prototype. the winner will be made into an actual product, funded through a Kickstarter campaign.
the 22-year-old model is donating $20,000 of her own money for the classes, which cost $2,000 per student. her scholarship recipients will take a two week software engineering course at the flatiron school in new york this summer.
the 120 piece ready-to-wear collection was inspired by seventies model veruschka and the 1970s period in marrakech. models wore gold jewellery, flowing dresses and skirts in jewel tones including ruby, burnt orange, navy and silver.
Jessica mejia, 20, was killed in a car crash in 2009 when her ex-boyfriend lost control of the vehicle and smashed into a pole. when deputies arrived on the scene, they improperly removed clothing from her dead body and took photos of her, according to a lawsuit. her mother, Christina mejia, said the photos had left her feeling 'violated' and perpetuated false rumors that the car had crashed because her daughter was on top of her ex-boyfriend
more than 140 children have been kicked out of their classes in washington. they could not prove they had the required vaccinations, including measles. health experts have warned the country is in danger of being gripped by a measles pandemic. there is a danger of reversing the eradication of measles 15 years ago. they are also keen to prevent a return to the outbreak of 1989.
Moira gemmill was cycling to work when she collided with a lorry. the 55-year-old was the fifth cyclist killed on london's roads this year. she had recently been chosen to oversee renovations at Windsor castle.
lib dem leader was heckled by protesters in surbiton, south west london. they chanted: 'Nick Clegg lied to me, he said uni would be free' but he ignored them as he stuck to message that only lib dems can balance the budget without hitting the poor.
the last surviving male of the northern sub-species of the white rhino now lives under a 24-hour guard. poachers are looking to sell rhino horn which can make up to £47,000 a kilo. a four man team of armed guards now protects Sudan the northern white rhino.
dustin irons, 26, was appearing over video-link to a court in Oregon. he managed to pull down his pants for the lewd gesture, despite being in handcuffs. judge sentenced him to an extra 30 days in jail for contempt of court.
thousands of homemade rockets were aimed at church towers in the island of chios by rival parishioners. brave souls even attend the late-night services inside the churches of aghios markos and panaghia Erithiani. the aim of throwing the rockets is to hit the bell tower of the church at the other side.
Tony Tancock, 56, has won accolades for his specially-bred cavies. thief snuck into an outbuilding at his home in crediton, devon, to steal his pets. he said: 'they knew exactly what they were looking for'
police say michael scott shemansky came to their attention after he failed to appear for a supervised visit with his son on the same day mother Sandra shemansky, 57, was found dead at the home they shared in winter garden. shemansky is already on parole for battery on law enforcement, has a history of bipolar mental illness, and was involuntarily committed to a psychiatric ward for an attempted suicide. neighbors said his mother may have been the one preventing him
the woman jumped onto the bonnet of her white Honda as the carjacker attempted to drive off at speed from the fast track car wash in smyrna, georgia. but a man passing by produced a gun and fired a shot. police have hailed the passer-by as a hero for possibly saving the woman's life. the suspect was taken to hospital where he is recovering.
Guitar Hero Live features a redesigned guitar and online music video network. it will cast players as an up-and-coming guitarist in a fictitious band. instead of playing along with computer-generated characters, wannabe rockers will see a first-person view of their band mates and audiences portrayed by human actors. the game will be released in the autumn for the PlayStation 4, Xbox One, PlayStation 3, Xbox 360, Wii U and mobiles.
woman was waiting to board flight at Tan son nhat international airport. was travelling with just hand luggage when she was asked to weigh it. in fit of anger lashed out hitting airport worker in the face. she has been fined VND7.5 million, which roughly equates to £240.
the Queen and princess Margaret recorded a tape of favourite children's songs for the queen mother's 90th birthday in 1990. pianist Laurie holloway was invited to Buckingham palace by princess Margaret to accompany her and the queen. the recording was lost following the queen mother's death in 2002 at the age of 101.
'paradise' might not seem the obvious word to describe the amazon basin in the mid 19th century. but for naturalists as driven as Wallace, Bates and. Richard Spruce, a paradise is exactly what the amazon was.
former white house aide Kristina schake reportedly behind drive to elect another first lady - ex-secretary of state, Hillary Clinton. 45-year-old has been brought on to Mrs Clinton's 2016 communications team to help recast her image. will attempt to turn 67-year-old politician from strong and knowledgeable figure into softer, more accessible one. but, her efforts could prove tricky in wake of scandal over her use of private email address while secretary of state.
Matthew Kenney, 34, told police he smoked flakka before he streaked though traffic early on Saturday evening while only wearing sneakers. flakka, which can be injected, snorted, smoked, swallowed or taken with other substances, has been nicknamed '$5 insanity' for its mind-bending effects and cheap cost.
Anne-Louise van den nieuwenhof was diagnosed with a rare bone and soft tissue cancer, called ewing's sarcoma, aged just five. her parents were told she only had three months to live. she went on to defy all the odds against her, eventually moving to canada where she worked as a nurse and began raising her own family. however, she tragically died during a routine hospital check-up for her baby girl Elizabeth Kelly, near her home in Rossland,
Jiaro mendez and Elias Acevedo were found to be 'highly intoxicated' by police. fight broke out in parking lot of their shared apartment in Tulsa, oklahoma. pair, covered in blood, taken to hospital where they were treated for lacerations. Acevedo, 21, has been charged with assault with a deadly weapon.
four koalas have been sent from australia as a gift to mark Singapore's 50th anniversary of independence. the furry friends were photographed chomping on some leaves and being served refreshments before departing on their big journey. the animals will be on loan to Singapore for six months at a purpose-built enclosure in Singapore Zoo.
developer has submitted fresh plans to demolish park crescent west in london. new development will be made up of 73 homes, ranging from studios to five-bed flats worth £15million. residents who live behind the site are furious at the proposals. they claim years of noise and disruption will ruin their lives.
sales of books about the religion were three times higher in the first quarter of 2015 compared to the same time last year. it comes as a special magazine supplement from Philosphie which focused in the Koran also saw a spike in sales. experts believe people are buying the books because they want a better understanding of the religion.
Dan price, the CEO of credit card processing company Gravity Payments, is slashing his own salary by 93percent. he's also taking up to 80percent of the firm's $2.2million expected profit to plow it back into staff salaries. price founded the company in 2004 when he was 19 and working out of his dorm room at Seattle Pacific university. the move comes at a time when CEO pay is 300 times the average employee pay at large companies.
Stephanie hanon was director of product management, civic innovation and social impact at google. she will oversee a sprawling effort to develop websites, mobile apps and other vehicles for pushing the former secretary of state's brand through the 2016 elections. nearly 20 potential white house hopefuls plan for a campaign season that will rely heavily on clicks, likes, shares and other indications of a broad reach.
the annual Water Temple fair in Jiangnan, china, sees thousands gather on boats to pray for good fortune for the upcoming year. boat races, drumming and dragon dances bring a carnival atmosphere to the town of Jia Xing.
the semi-detached home in Horfield, bristol, has gone untouched for more than 80 years. features include stained-glass windows, oil-fired central heating and even the original 1930s cupboards. the three-bedroom home also comes with all of the original 1930s cupboards in the kitchen, a brick open-face fire and dated kitchen sink.
megumi igarashi was first arrested in July, but was freed several days later following a legal appeal and after thousands of people signed a petition demanding her release. she was arrested again in December, on three counts of distributing 'obscene' data -- namely computer code for a 3D printer.
the public have been alerted to the heartless scheme via an important notice issued on the NSW SES facebook page. ‘the NSW SES does NOT request donations from the public,’ NSW SES assure the public. people have reacted with disgust to the attempt to con people out of their money, condemning those responsible for trying to benefit from a crisis.
fast bowler Jimmy Anderson took his 384th wicket in his hundredth test. he had west indies captain Dennis Ramdin caught by alastair cook. botham's record had been equalled earlier in the day when Anderson had marlon Samuel caught in the gully by james Treadwell.
defendant, 46, was due to appear in court accused of fraudulent bankruptcy. he killed lawyer, 37, and co-defendant, 37, before killing judge, 38. witness had no visible injuries and is thought to have died of a heart attack. gunman fled courthouse on motorbike, reaching town of vimercate 15 miles away.
former miss ohio 2012 Audrey bolte told the court she was expecting to see Ryan poston but he failed to arrive for their date. bolte, who also finished runner-up in miss usa 2012, said she found him 'entertaining' and accepted an invite to go on a date with him. 'that's what bothered me – she cackled,' said a cellmate of the accused, who claims the 24-year-old confessed to her while behind bars
former Apprentice contestant said vessels 'need pushing back' to cut immigration. 40-year-old asked listeners: 'why do we take on everyone else's problem?' her comments were labelled 'dangerous' and a'manifestation of toxic hate' she said: 'if you allow these boats to come that number will grow year on year'
milk, bread, eggs, cheese and roasting chickens have seen the biggest fall in price. prices have fallen by the largest amount in almost a decade. low cost of oil makes transporting and selling goods even cheaper.
the current prime minister's kitchen has got everyone talking recently. but do you have as much cachet as he? perhaps you're more onslow and daisy than hyacinth?
two women spotted in cockpit of a flight from dublin to berlin. believed to be off-duty staff wearing their staff lanyards. Irish aviation authority are now investigating the incident.
the episode of an hour with ruta aired on independent TV channel LNK. it claimed that foreign children were being seized and fostered with Norwegian parents to strengthen the Nordic country's 'genetic material' an 'expert' on the controversial service said the country needed fresh blood to combat its rates of inbreeding which had led to high rates of babies being born with birth defects.
the alleged stalker, Patrick Henry Kelly, has been charged in the case and is set to go on trial next week. he faces up to 10 years in prison if convicted.
Andrea Lindsay, 43, from Prescot, lost more than three stone in six months. dropped from a size 18 to a size ten to 12 in half a year. husband's colleagues thought he had traded his wife in for a model.
UK oil & gas investments boasted it had discovered a 'world class resource' it claimed analysis of a well near gatwick suggested 100 billion barrels of oil lay beneath the weald Basin, covering Surrey, Sussex, Hampshire and Kent. but the company has now admitted it cannot be sure how much crude lies beneath the region - if, indeed, there is much.
married father-of-four accused of using school email to contact prostitute. he allegedly said he was 'keen' on her dressing up as a schoolgirl. also said he was 'looking forward to putting you over my knee'
George davon. Kennedy of DeKalb, Georgia, a student at middle Tennessee state university, was taken in. Tuesday night as police believe he is one of the men caught on video raping a. woman in Panama city. he now joins two other men who were arrested late last week. the brief cellphone clip came to light earlier this week as deputies continued searching for two additional suspects in the march attack in Panama city.
mum asks staff at the Rubens eaterie in leuven, belgium, to warm up milk. but when she comes to pay, she is stunned to find 50 cents added on bill. mum says: 'i have never heard of a restaurant billing people for this service'
Danielle and alexander meitiv, both scientists in Maryland, raised their children with a so-called 'free-range' approach. the siblings were last seen walking down the street on their own around 6pm on saturday. on sunday, a concerned citizen called police after seeing the siblings unaccompanied near a neighborhood park around a third of a mile from their home. the children were picked up by police, who say they followed protocol by turning them over to child protection services. the
jaden smith, 16, wore a floral-print tunic that looked like a wrap around skirt. reality star kylie Jenner wore nude hotpants and hiking boots. rihanna wore a lace body stocking with festival-inappropriate lace-up heels.
Lauren york, 15, was found safe and sound in north Ridgeville, ohio, on monday afternoon. her parents believe she left their home around 4am Sunday morning. phone records show she made several calls before leaving.
five-day-old hippo caught up in fight between two adults in iSimangaliso wetland park, in eastern south africa. the calf's mother watched in horror as it was flung into the air before being dragged along the surface of the water.
a two-year-old girl from gardena, california, was found naked sitting by herself in a parking lot two hours after disappearing from a car wash. the toddler reportedly shouted'mommy' before her mother turned around and could not find her. she was found injured outside of a burger joint 13 miles away and was scared by male police officers. police are searching for the driver of a white recent-model Nissan altima, which was seen at
Habeeb latheef, 48, is accused of sexually assaulting three female patients. he allegedly told them he needed to place objects in their hands to gauge their level of feeling. instead the married GP allegedly unzipped his trousers and placed his penis in their grip.
Jeremy Scott’s spring/summer 2015 collection for Moschino caused an insta-stampede. sent models down the runway in Barbie doll inspired dresses. but does the look work in real life?.
Rajee Narinesingh was one of the victims of 'toxic tush' doctor oneal ron morris, who performed illegal plastic surgeries using substances such as fix-a-flat, super glue and mineral oil. left with a 'hard-as-rock' face, she began seeing a cosmetic surgeon in 2012, who gave her softening injections and laser therapy. in a 2014 interview, she said that her new look was helping to boost her self-esteem, and that
picture taken by a person who claims to be a student at geelong college. believed to show principal Andrew Barr surfing for pornography while on-the-clock. in the picture taken through a window, the man has his back to the camera and graphic images can be seen on his computer screen.
Joshua corbett faces charges of stalking and burglary after breaking into Sandra's home last summer. corbett broke into the house brandishing a love letter for the actress. corbett has pleaded not guilty to the charges bought against him.
32-year-old admitted his father was in charge of 65 Taliban troops in afghanistan. claimed he only joined the terrorist group because he was worried about safety. escaped from prison and went into hiding, but claimed he fled to the uk. home secretary theresa may initially rejected an application for sanctuary. but her decision has now been overturned by immigration judges.
Danila kislitsyn said it was his duty to eliminate dogs from the streets. 31-year-old would travel around Vladivostok using poisoned sausages. he would also set traps to kill strays and occasionally even people's pets. animal charities furious when judge handed him a fine of just £200.
police are investigating claims made by a former royal footman. he said he was pinned to a chair and groped by a male member of staff. ordeal left him in tears and he left the job the same day.
Foxtel will launch the third season of the prison drama on june 12. the cable channel will show every episode in a full season marathon. this is due to a kink in the agreement with u.s. studio Lionsgate. it means that when the marathon is completed around 14 or so hours later, Foxtel can then offer the episodes on an on-demand basis.
plane struck by lightning shortly after takeoff in reykjavik, Iceland. hole was at a point in the plane where weather radars are housed. plane landed safely in Denver and no one was injured. aviation experts said lightning strikes to commercial planes happen one to five times per year.
twin 18-month-old boys fell into a canal in Yuma, arizona, on friday morning. authorities have not yet released any information on how the boys ended up in the water, but say they don't suspect foul play. but a go fund me page set up this weekend named them as brothers Eli and Silas Keslar. the fund to cover memorial and medical costs for the boys has already raised over $10,000.
pledge to extend dream of home ownership to 1.3million social tenants was centrepiece of tory manifesto launch. housing associations responded furiously with one board member lambasting the proposal as the 'right to steal' there were even threats of a legal challenge, potentially under european human rights laws. bosses of housing associations were themselves in the dock after details emerged of their lavish salaries. eighty pocket more than pm's salary of £142,500.
five bedroom home is based in the same building where 1950s pin-up and Hollywood icon ava Gardner spent her final years. offers 3,054 sq. ft. of high-end accommodation with two reception rooms, five bathrooms, a study and kitchen/breakfast room. based in the high-end Ennismore gardens, where Gardner famously starred in the Killers, the barefoot contessa, 55 days at peking and the night of the iguana.
the outfit was worn in several key scenes in the 1939 movie, including when scarlett O'hara encounters Rhett Butler and when she gets attacked in the shanty town. it was one of more than 150 items that were part of the private collection of james tumblin, formerly in charge of the hair and makeup department at universal studios.
red squirrels have returned to windermere, in the lake district, after a 16-year absence. native reds have been almost wiped out in the country, except for a few pockets in the north of England, the Isle of Wight and Scotland. experts say a lack of habitats caused them to disappear from the area. since 1952, 95% of red squirrels have been wiped out in england and wales.
the 23-year-old model shot to fame as the half-naked star of Robin Thicke's steamy Blurred lines video and landed a role in Gone girl. recently unveiled a set of photographs showing off her enviable figure.
'scooby' van motored from new hampshire to Boston, escorted by troopers from both new hampshire and massachusetts. arrived in time to take a 7:00 p.m. us Airways shuttle to washington, d.c. on the way. on the way, her motorcade passed exits to the Manchester, n.h. airport, which was 55 miles closer and offered a 5:16 p.m. flight
Joanna goodall forged signatures of customers and colleagues for cash refunds. the 30-year-old mother took the money for herself at a premier inn in Newcastle. she was given a nine-month suspended sentence at Newcastle crown court. but she was ordered to pay back just £1 under the proceeds of crime act.
lingerie model and animal rights activist Sarah stage, 30, came under fire during her pregnancy for posting a string of selfies showing off her rock-hard abs. but her son James Hunter was born at a healthy eight pounds and seven ounces last Tuesday. on sunday, she shared the first photo of her trimmed and toned post-baby physique in 'granny panties' with her 1.6 million followers.
an investigator has blamed a sexist culture and pornography for the mindset that led to army members joining British bikini models for a photo shoot. one Utah National guard officer was sacked and three other soldiers have been disciplined for their involvement. the investigator said he hoped the Utah National guard recommended the removal of pornography and other media 'that promote sexist behavior and objectify women or men' from military stores.
specialised 77 brigade launched in response to jihadis' online propaganda. but even when fully operational, the brigade will number just 454 regular and reservist troops. commander says he has failed to recruit enough ‘talent’ to challenge IS.
the stars of the FYI series embark on their honeymoons on tonight's episode. jaclyn methuen, who nearly left husband Ryan at the altar because she deemed him too unattractive, continues to put her new husband in the 'friend zone' during their romantic trip to Puerto Rico. at one point the 30-year-old admits to him that she wanted to be a runaway bride.
some cereals can contain as much as three teaspoons of sugar per serving. even the 'healthier' brands can also be culprits, says dentist dr sameer patel. opt for low sugar options such as wheat biscuits or unsweetened porridge oats.
DEA head Michele Leonhart is expected to resign soon, an Obama administration official said Tuesday. she has faced mounting pressure from congress, where some questioned her competence in the wake of a scathing government watchdog report. a group of lawmakers said in a statement that she was 'woefully unable to change' the agency's culture.
detective Ian Cyrus, 49, has been suspended without pay. he was caught on camera stealing cash from a deli in Brooklyn. detective's supervisor has been placed on desk duty.
Eddie Raymond Tipton, 51, of norwalk, Iowa, was charged with two felony counts of fraud when he was arrested in January for illegally playing the lottery. now prosecutors say he used an intricate system to ensure his numbers were drawn by the random number generator. they also argue he tampered with security cameras in the building so he would not be caught installing the program.
experts from the centre for international research in the humanities and social sciences in new york city studied neolithic ornaments. they concluded that northern europeans in the Neolithic period initially rejected the practice of farming, which was otherwise spreading throughout the continent. farming enabled groups of people to move away from foraging and hunting as a means of survival and sparked a ‘major economic revolution’.
Jan bearman, 83, has had a new tattoo inked on her shoulder every birthday. her daughter shelley died in 2011 at the age of 56 of complications from her diabetes. two of Jan's granddaughters and Shell's husband decided to get tattoos in memory of her. 'it's a loss that leaves a hole in your heart that's never filled again,' Jan said.
french photographer and illustrator, Thomas Lamadieu, takes snaps of the sky in courtyards and built-up areas. the space in between then acts as a canvas for his playful illustrations which he has dubbed'sky art'
images show seals being shot and wounded on ice floes off coast of canada. they are then dragged onto ships where they are clubbed to death for fur. humane society international says baby animals are dying a violent death. charity says they are 'dieing for fur products nobody is buying' this year's commercial hunt off coast of newfoundland gets underway.
a 19-year-old has been charged with fatally stabbing a 34-year-old father-of-five. he was killed on Tuesday night after an argument with three teenagers. one of the teens, Levi acre-kendall, was charged with first-degree reckless homicide. the suspect's mother, lavonne acre, said of her son: 'he's a good kid'
tennis coach told closer magazine that she can't wait to be a granny. said that she wasn't sure when her 27-year-old son would have children. also revealed that she taught her son dance moves on strictly come dancing.
Andrew Hennells posted a message on facebook admitting his robbery plan. minutes later, a member of the public alerted police to a man brandishing a knife demanding cash from staff at the supermarket giant's store in king's Lynn. the 31-year-old fled the scene before police arrived, but was arrested in a nearby pub. he admitted robbery and carrying a knife as an offence last month. he was jailed for
General Motors has unveiled the Chevrolet-FNR car. it has 'dragonfly' swing doors that open upwards and 'crystal laser headlights' the car is self-driving, electric, and the front chairs can swivel round. and using iris recognition software you can start it using only your eyes. it was unveiled at the Shanghai general motors gala night this week.
smoke poured over westhampton beach on Wednesday at 3pm as a fire spread through 90 condos before the building eventually collapsed. 12 fire crews were deployed in a bid to control the flames but could not get inside any of the summer homes. residents said the fire was so intense it melted the paint off nearby buildings.
stress drains nutrients from the body, meaning it shows up in some surprising ways. cracks at the side of the mouth are a sign the body is low on vitamin B6. bloating is a sign the body is deficient in vitamin b12.
Darren Goddard parted ways with his son in 1989 after a car accident. three years ago, his daughter created a facebook page for him. the former soldier never used the account and was about to delete it. but a post by 27-year-old Lewis appeared on his timeline. last month, he was reunited with his son after 25 years apart.
Diane Priestley, 57, was struggling to breathe and was turning blue. ambulance should have been given priority of eight minutes to reach her. instead, a longer 30 minute response time was assigned. grandmother-of-nine died from ruptured abdominal aortic aneurysm.
Victoria McKennon, 17, is one class short of fulfilling requirements to graduate. she has had to miss dozens of lessons for frequent hospital visits. her family appealed to plano senior high school in texas for help. officials initially refused to allow her to take part in prestigious ceremony. but they have now set out a way in which she could make up the missing credit.
the woman, identified as 24-year-old Krista dotzenrod from Minnesota, said it was 'pure luck' the chances of catching a foul ball in a full glass of beer sit at roughly one in 1,189.
1713 Brits and 1124 americans surveyed in youGov poll on royal baby. both want a baby girl, with only two per cent arguing for a boy. when it comes to a boy's name, both Brits and americans agree on James, Richard and Arthur.
the couple were arguing in the parking lot of an apartment complex in the 9800 block of south Kirkwood road, south west Houston. her husband admitted to police that during the heat of the argument he tried to drive off in his green Chevrolet pickup truck when she grabbed the door handle, slipped and he ran her over. police spent several hours questioning the man about the tragic events that unfolded Monday. but no charges have been filed against him. the woman's 17-year-old son was told of his
pietro boselli, 26, originally from brescia, is an advanced maths lecturer with a PHD from the university of london. he says he tried to keep his modelling a secret from his colleagues and students at the university for fear they might 'look down on him'. he has now amassed a following of nearly half a million users on Instagram.
the group, calling themselves Hookers For Hillary, all work at Dennis Hof's infamous moonlite bunny ranch in Carson city. the legal brothel, which was the subject of HBO's cathouse series, has drafted a four-point platform explaining their endorsement. the group cite Clinton's work on health care reform, foreign relation experience, tax reform and responsible government oversight on public health issues.
the bizarre claims are being taught to pupils across north korea. it is a way of indoctrinating future generations into glorifying their dictator in much the same way that his father, the late Kim Jong Il, and his grandfather, Kim Il Sung, were blindly heralded in days gone by.
the 3,600-passenger, Union Jack-adorned Britannia is the largest ship built for the UK market. foodies like atul Kochhar and Mary Berry are among the ship's owners. shore excursions include a coach tour through corsica's snowy mountains above Ajaccio.
officers forced to accept four-day inspection from experts from Moscow. exercise designed to send a signal to the president in the face of continuing aggression. it is the first time Russian inspectors have attended Nato manoeuvres since relations between Moscow and the alliance plummeted after annexation of Crimea.
the first crop of asparagus of the season was delivered to a top restaurant. the drone crashed and exploded mid-journey in the Dutch countryside. the stunt was filmed by a local television channel.
circuit judge michael maggio faces up to 10 years in prison and a $250,000 fine when he is sentenced in July. by surrendering his law licence, he has avoided a disciplinary hearing over the conviction, for which he faces up to 10 years in prison and a $250,000 fine. last march, he admitted posting a series of comments that were racist, sexist and offensive towards the LGBT community.
Amol gupta, from Manhattan, is suing kickball league claiming that during a match two years ago he ran into a brick wall, breaking his nose and elbow, and also injuring his spine. kickball is a popular american schoolyard game akin to baseball where players kick the ball to bat instead of using bats.
Geraldine Jones, 36, of Gary, indiana, was charged with murder, kidnapping and criminal confinement in the death of 23-year-old Samantha Fleming. police believe Jones lured Fleming from her home by telling her she worked for the Indiana department of child services and she needed to attend a hearing. she then stabbed her and stole her three-week-old baby to pass off as her own.
photo-stylist Nathalie croquet, from paris, has recreated a series of glossy commercials for her project SPOOF. the exhibition includes parodies of ads from givenchy, Lancome, Lanvin and Acne.
mandy greenwood, 39, from greater manchester, was abused as a child. her father, 61-year-old keith whitworth, has been jailed for 22 years. she said: 'now he's in jail the sense of freedom and relief is incredible'
the 53-year-old showed off her tan in a white bikini on a beach in barbados. she had been jet skiing two days earlier and was deep in conversation. she has previously holidayed in the area with the 54-year-old broadcaster. he was sacked from top gear after a 'fracas' involving a producer.
airline codes features 438 airports from 94 countries. explains the reasons behind unusual acronyms such as SUX and LOL.
Kaitlyn granado, 24, a teacher at macarthur high school in texas, was arrested on march 19 for having an inappropriate relationship with a 15-year-old student. she was released on bail, and now she has been arrested again amid claims she had sex with a 15-year-old pupil in her car on two consecutive nights in January. the affidavit says the sexual relationship took place in her car on January 18 and 19 across the road from another school in
Clinton and top aide Huma abedin didn't leave a tip at the restaurant in Maumee, ohio, on monday - despite there being a jar on the counter. 'her bill was $20 and some change, and they paid with $21 and left,' manager Charles Wright told Bloomberg. 'the other lady paid the bill,' he said, referring to abedin, the vice chairwoman of Clinton's campaign.
suspect arrested on suspicion of murder at 11.40am this morning. he is being questioned in connection with the death of the 54-year-old man. victim was named locally as james 'pongo' gregoire. second man seriously injured in the brawl but injuries not life threatening.
Jay Rutland, 34, is married to 30-year-old daughter of f1 boss Bernie Ecclestone. training consultant's firm brought in just £3,378 over the 12 months. accounts for year to July 2014 filed to companies house a fortnight ago.
michael slager, 33, is accused of murdering 50-year-old Walter Scott. his pregnant wife, Jamie, is due to give birth in a few weeks. he is only granted video access to his family at the Charleston county jail. they are not allowed to spend any time together and contact is via video screens. it is deemed unsafe for an infant to enter the prison so he will rely on photographs.
the video was taken from a patrol car dashcam in cottonwood, arizona. it captures the 'end of days' group brawling with cops moments before a deadly gunfight. during the footage, you can hear one of the officers saying they needed to'separate these folks' and talk to them. but one of the group says: 'no, you are not going to separate me from my parents,' followed by, 'don't touch me'
the free app is available for iOS, android and windows phone devices. players are confronted with a black screen and a single clue written in white. they use the keyboard to enter their answer in order to progress. there are 50 levels in total in 'episode one' and clues get progressively tougher. but upon playing the app, this is not known and it seems mysterious.
ex-pm said he wanted to create a ‘cadre’ of former leaders to advise governments. he said: ‘why not come and help the president of this country or the prime minister of that country?’.
nine of the top 15 companies are in the tech sector, according to salary data compiled by the recruiting company glassdoor.com. nine of the top 15 companies are in the tech sector, according to salary data compiled by the recruiting company glassdoor.com.
truckers from Bulgaria, Poland and Romania already work in the uk. they are being offered £100 for each driver they manage to lure into the uk. mainline is offering the incentive to any worker who refers a driver.
Shannon Hamilton was arrested on Sunday attempting to build a barricade on a bridge in white county, georgia where his daughter had died. Cecily Hamilton, 16, and her friend Taylor Swing, 18, died on march 15 when their car plunged off the bridge and into the water below. since the teens' deaths, more than 3,000 people have signed a Change.org petition calling for safety features on the bridge.
wei Guiyi, 76, guides blind hubby Huang funeng, 80, around with bamboo sticks. despite her own hunchback condition caused by osteoporosis, the pensioner never complains about their plights.
the aluminium battery was created at Stanford university, in california. it is said to be the first high-performance aluminium battery that is 'fast-charging, long-lasting and inexpensive' the aluminium battery consists of a negatively charged anode made of aluminum and a positively charged graphite cathode along with an ionic liquid electrolyte.
Eritrean refugees tell how they were forced to deny their faith or face death. Haben, 19, said: 'we are Christians but we had to deny our faith' he and his brother Samuel, 14, arrived in Sicily a week ago, just days before 900 people died when their boat capsized.
the body of teacher and bride-to-be Stephanie Scott has been formally identified. the 26-year-old's burned body was found near a road in cocoparra national park, north of Griffith, on friday afternoon. a post-mortem has been completed at glebe morgue in Sydney and a report is in the hands of the coroner. the department of forensic medicine has made contact with her family to provide specialist grief counselling.
vera bailrd donated £500,000 to a charity which supports crime victims in her area. she is a director of Victims first northumbria and sits alongside chief constable. the pair now face a ministry of justice probe as critics accuse them of concocting 'a soap opera' within the force.
the property is located within 73 acres of daintree rainforest and fringes over 600 metres of far north Queensland beachfront. it was designed by architect Charles Wright and won The Australian Institute of Architects House of the year for Queensland in 2014. although it resembles an alien spaceship, the home was actually inspired by an australian stamp. the six bedrooms are placed in pods at the end of each 'arm' of the house, with five fitted with their own balconies.
the 56-page document was written in 1942 at Bletchley park, in buckinghamshire. it is believed to be the only extensive Turing manuscript known to exist. notebook, in which he details work on foundations of mathematical notation. it was sold for $1,025,000 (£698,000) at bonhams in new york on monday.
Shelley dufresne, 32, and fellow teacher Rachel Respess, 24, were arrested in september for allegedly having sex with a 16-year-old student. the unidentified teen started bragging to friends at the school that he had slept with both dufresne and Respess. an investigation later revealed that the teen had sex with both - including an alleged a threesome with both at Respess's
the cheapest model is the 38mm sport version and costs £299 in the uk. in the US, the same model costs $349, but this doesn't include sales tax. the most expensive version of the 38mm edition in the UK is £13,500 in the UK, and $17,000 in the US. when sales taxes are added to the US model, the price rises to $18,530 in California, which converts to £12,543.
45 per cent of under-30s said they had a painful back or neck. 86 per cent said it was a problem – compared with 77 per cent last year. experts blame increasingly sedentary lifestyles and obsession with mobile phones.
footage shows how one of the men emerged from his black BMW with no shirt on before trying to punch the driver of a white BMW through his car window. the 25-year-old driver of the white BMW accelerated and hit the other man in broad daylight. he briefly reversed before ramming into a white Mercedes and white Prius, appearing to trap the other man between the three cars.
Maya angelou, the acclaimed author of such classics as I know why the cage bird sings and on the pulse of morning, was honored by the us postal service in a star-studded ceremony on tuesday. the stamp was unveiled at an event featuring first lady Michelle Obama and postmaster general megan j. Brennan. however, the quote attributed to angelou on the stamp is actually that of another author.
the 19-year-old has been announced as the face of dry shampoo brand batiste. campaign images shows her with her hair styled into a half-ponytail. this will be the star's first brand collaboration.
the Legend of the seas docked in southern california on tuesday with 135 sick passengers. the Celebrity Infinity docked in the same port of call on monday with 106 sick passengers. norovirus is an extremely contagious virus from contaminated water or food that can live on surfaces for weeks. crews scrubbed down every inch of the cabins and common rooms.
marc carn, 29, was drinking in an Irish bar near to las ramblas on saturday. failed to turn up for his flight home and his family contacted the foreign office. they said his disappearance was completely out of character. feared he would miss the first birthday of his twins Freddie and Stanley. but he has now handed himself into the British consulate in barcelona.
Peter Endean re-tweeted image with caption: 'Labour's new floating voters' around 1,300 people are believed to have drowned in the past two weeks. up to 950 perishing off the italian island of lampedusa over the weekend.
strike by french air traffic controllers will start at 5am tomorrow and run for 48 hours. experts fear up to half of all flights between the uk and france could be axed. easyjet is cancelling 118 flights to and from france, including 10 from the uk.
sidebar status will let users post a short message about what they are doing in a sidebar added to the social network’s mobile app. it's currently only available to selected people for testing. sidebar can be accessed by swiping right on the screen and brings up a user’s most messaged friends.
former Chancellor bemoaned the party's recent electoral performances. said they 'haven't been able to win an election for 23 years' warned against offering 'blank cheques' to the NHS and foreign aid budgets.
Zakiur rehman lakhvi was allowed to leave adiala prison in rawalpindi. his release was slammed with Indians calling it an 'insult' to victims. it comes after nearly four months of wrangling over his detention.
a complaint about an unsatisfactory milkshake served at a Louisiana branch of Burger king quickly turned ugly when the employee threatened the customer with a slap. cell phone footage, recorded by the unnamed customer, starts with the woman repeatedly asking to speak to the manager. after four separate requests, the customer finally got the employee's attention. 'Baby, you're about to get it,' the employee is heard saying. 'just wait. you're gonna get your
the coin has an image of poppies - symbolic of remembrance - among crosses similar to those that mark the graves of fallen soldiers. it also features a small circle that is the colour of red poppy flowers. it was released as part of the royal australian mint’s official anzac Centenary coin program. there will be about one and a half million coins released into circulation over the coming weeks.
Eloise parry, known as Ella, 'burned up from the inside' after swallowing the highly-toxic substance known as DNP. her metabolism began to soar and she started to overheat. despite doctors desperately trying to stabilise her, she died just three hours later. her mother has now issued a stark warning about buying diet pills online.
court records show he was $7,500 behind on child support when he was pulled over on saturday and had already been jailed three times for missing payments. but there was nothing directing officers to bring him in to face a family court judge, despite the fact his last payment was only in 2012. his family believe the fear of being thrown back in prison was the reason he fled during the deadly traffic stop.
just over half of women worry about the long term damage of beauty treatments. nearly a fifth would still pursue a treatment to get the right look. seven per cent have actually had allergic reactions.
Rachel lehnardt, 35, 'allowed her daughter and her friends to drink alcohol and smoke marijuana in front of her at their home in Evans, georgia' she had been a life-long follower of the Mormon church and had never touched a drop of alcohol before her divorce from her husband last year. but she began drinking and eventually broke away from the church, where she had once been a Sunday school teacher. after going to bed, she woke up to find her daughter's 16-
handwritten notebook contains thoughts on 'leibniz notation dx/dy' it was written at Bletchley park code-breaking headquarters in 1942. it is believed to be the only extensive Turing manuscript known to exist. notebook was among papers he left to friend and fellow mathematician Robin Gandy.
new metro line extension opened this week in the Czech capital. but the point where passengers transfer from trains to buses doesn't have escalator. porters are left to carry passengers' heavy bags up and down 32 stairs.
not on hand was Harrison Ford, who is the franchise's Han solo. producer Kathleen Kennedy explained the 72-year-old was'resting' after miraculously surviving a march plane crash in los angeles. 'he's not here today but he's in everyone's thought, Harrison Ford, he's a total bad a***,' producer Kennedy said.
maria kukucova, 25, was arrested in April last year after ex-partner was found murdered. model had gone on the run but was eventually tracked down to her family's home. parents Lubomir and Danka are selling up their home to pay legal bills. say they feel hated in their own village and are selling to move somewhere secluded.
eight guards at a detention centre in nauru have been suspended. they were found to be posting anti-islamic messages on social media. the guards were pictured with former federal MP Pauline Hanson at a recent Reclaim australia rally.
student Drew Hollinshead, 21, pulled over when he saw woman collapse. as he helped her for less than a minute a traffic warden put a £70 ticket on his car. 'under the circumstances, i think it was ridiculous,' he said yesterday.
baby girl was found in a tied plastic bag in a dumpster in myrtle beach, south carolina. she was hours old and struggling to breathe when rescued by a teenager. the woman, who will be identified once charged, turned herself in on thursday. she is currently in hospital and will be charged once released.
the tory leader embarked on a tour of the streets of alnwick today. he was reprimanded by one local woman for the 'name-calling' in the campaign. a busker with a ukulele sang: 'f*** off back to Eton with all your Eton chums'
Marcus and his nine-year-old sister were trapped in a second-floor bedroom after a fire broke out on the first floor of their home in Clinton, Maryland. he called 911 shortly before 7am after he smelled smoke and told the dispatcher that his older brother, mother and step-father were also in the home. while giving directions, the boy said: 'go up the steps right in the back hallways. it's a black door to the right' firefighters were able to enter the
Klaus-Dieter scheurle urged aviation industry to develop the system. could help prevent a repeat of the Germanwings crash last month. investigators believe co-pilot locked captain out of cockpit and deliberately crashed plane into french mountainside.
former governor of california blasts 'distracting and divisive' law. 'as a republican, i'm furious,' he writes in an op-ed for the washington post. 'this message isn’t for Republicans who choose the politics of division over policies that improve the lives of all of us,' he adds.
SS sergeant known as 'the bookkeeper of auschwitz' is set to go on trial charged with complicity in the killing of 300,000 Jews at the nazi extermination camp. 93-year-old was tasked with meeting the trains bringing victims there and robbing those aboard of their possessions. between may 16 and July 11, 1944 he was on duty when 450,000 Hungarian Jews were transported there.
Linden adkins was caught on camera screaming at a motorist. the 56-year-old, who works in the college of Applied engineering, was then dragged to the ground as he tried to grab the windshield wipers. witnesses said the incident was sparked when the minivan cut off the car. he was charged with menacing, a fourth-degree misdemeanor.
darcy, a four-year-old cockapoo, has travelled the globe with owner may wong. she has visited 11 countries and 23 destinations including new york and paris. the pair have travelled on planes, trains, cars and ferries across the world.
Hoda muthana, 20, left her home in hoover, al., to join the islamic state of syria. spent money meant for college tuition on a flight to turkey. married an australian jihadi who was killed in an airstrike last month. now calls for drive-by shootings in the u.s. on memorial day.
the teens were pulled over in south Minneapolis on march 18. they were put in handcuffs and held on the side of the road while they were searched and a background check completed. the officers claimed they were being investigated for grand theft auto, but were let go. former police officer, mylan masson, says what the officers did appeared wrong.
the national union of teachers has called for a ‘positive portrayal of same sex relationships’ in lessons to be made ‘compulsory’ under the next government. critics accused the union of ‘thought control’ and said the ‘intolerant’ proposals risked ‘oversexualising’ children at a young age.
NASUWT general secretary likened energy drinks to 'legal highs' some children drink 'excessive' amounts of red bull, monster and relentless. this causes 'hyperactivity' and an 'inevitable crash' later in the day.
rappers quavious. Marshall, 24, Kirschnick ball, 20, and Kiari cephus, 23, were escorted off the. Georgia southern university campus mid-performance on saturday. authorities said that they suspected the music stars were in possession of drugs when 'a very potent smell' of marijuana was detected coming from their two tour buses. multiple guns, marijuana and another undisclosed drug were discovered inside the vehicles.
fans paid nearly £40 to see the rapper perform in Canterbury last night. they waited for more than three hours for him to arrive at the venue. he then spent just a few minutes on stage, playing two of his songs. singer then told the crowd'see you on tour' and left the stage. venue bosses have apologised to the audience and accused him of breaking contract.
the 25-ft long wreckage was discovered floating west of ona beach. biologists inspected the boat remains and found yellowtail jack fish.
people are buying luxury items amid falling prices and rising wages. spending in restaurants has increased by 17 per cent in the last 12 months. spending on women's clothes grew by 6 per cent over the last year.
Michael slager, 33, can be heard laughing nervously while talking with a senior officer. the conversation was picked up by the dashcam in the officer's patrol car following the incident in north Charleston on April 5. dashcam footage showing Scott, 50, being pulled over for a broken tail light just minutes before he was shot was released to the media.
tory party chairman is accused of deleting references to his past from his own page in the online encyclopedia while putting unflattering updates on the pages of others. a furious Mr Shapps has denied the claims, describing them as an ‘extreme dirty tricks campaign’. the tories described the story as ‘completely false and defamatory’.
the tennessee supreme court has postponed execution dates for the last four inmates on the state's death row. it is halting executions while the courts decide whether current protocols for putting people to death are constitutional. states across the country have been struggling to find a method of execution that will stand up to legal challenges.
the body of a new york woman was left dangling from a fire escape for more than an hour after she hung herself, police say. the unnamed woman was discovered around 8.20am Sunday hanging from the third-floor fire escape of her apartment building in crown height. one man, who declined to give his name, told the new york daily news that he awoke to find the woman's body hanging outside his apartment.
Jessica Silva has spoken about why she had to kill her abusive husband. in a tense interview for 60 minutes, she visits the home of James Polkinghorne's father to explain to him why she had to kill his son. despite all the revelations about his son's abusive ways, his father could still not understand why his son was dead. last month she walked free from court despite being convicted of manslaughter.
study looked at the voting habits of twins born in the uk. aim was to explore how much nature and nurture influence our party political allegiances and potential voting preferences. identical twins were more likely to vote the same way than the non-identical twins.
the tomb was found in a neighbourhood of Gyeongju city in south korea. skeletons were found on top of one another in the main chamber. experts believe the tomb was intended for a noblewoman and believe that the man she is lying with may have been killed so he could be buried with her. it is not known whether the woman died naturally or was killed.
insurgent actress reveals she uses roasted beetroot as a lipstick. gossip girl star says her mother taught her to slather mayonnaise on hair. kate moss submerges her face in cucumber water.
Joseph O'Riordan, 76, left wife with life-threatening injuries to chest, torso and back. but it can be revealed that her married postman lover, Nick Gunn, 41, had affairs. relationship ended because he had been sleeping with a woman on his rounds. romance led to her husband placing a GPS tracker on her car.
the rev. al Sharpton delivered a sermon at charity missionary Baptist church in north Charleston, south carolina on sunday morning. he is expected to attend a vigil for the family of the driver who was fatally shot by a white police officer after he fled a traffic stop. the civil rights leader is also expected to attend a vigil near the scene of the shooting on sunday afternoon.
two in five people had injured their back doing odd jobs or decorating. one in ten had suffered side effects from inhaling chemical fumes. one in 30 suffered after getting paint or chemicals in their eyes. men are a third more likely than women to try to cut corners.
Nafir afzal said teenagers are at risk of 'jihadimania' he warned that 'another 7/7' could happen unless the next government recruited young Muslim role models to help mentor those who are being radicalised.
Spanish researchers say climate change impacted human migration. Until 1.4 million years ago it was too cold to inhabit southeast spain. but then the climate warmed to 13°C (55°F) and became more humid. this enabled hominins - our distant ancestors - to move to new regions. the theory is based on analysis of the Barranco león site in southeast spain.
London-based designer claims to have made the world's safest bike. called the Babel Bike it has a host of features including a roll cage. Crispin sinclair is seeking £50,000 of funding on site Indiegogo. the bike also has foot protectors and an electric motor. it can reach speeds of up to 20mph in the us and 15.5mph in the eu.
the London mayor will make a high-profile joint appearance with david cameron. there have been calls for him to be 'weaponised' as the party seeks to break away from labour.
the two leaders clasped hands yesterday at a brief meeting at the summit of the americas in Panama. the gesture of friendship is an outward symbol of Obama's project to thaw diplomatic relations with Cuba, which have been frozen since the 1960s. the white house has set expectations for a'substantive' exchange between Castro, brother of revolutionary leader fidel, and Obama today.
Holly barber, 25, woke up feeling unwell and with chest and neck pains. she chalked it down to heavy drinking a few days before. but when she started coughing up blood she knew it was something serious. doctors found 13 pulmonary embolisms, blood clots blocking arteries. they killed the tissue and stopped her breathing properly. a year later medics found another melon-sized blockage in her right lung. she was horrified to be told she was
centre pompidou malaga is the first of several pop-up versions of the famous french gallery planned outside of france. it is housed in a low-slung white building topped with a giant glass cube in the trendy harbour area. next door is the Malaga Automobile museum, an extraordinary celebration of cars, fashion and art.
noel biderman, 43, came up with the idea for the site in the 1990s. he wants to raise money from investors to fund a launch of its services in Russia, Ukraine and the Baltic states. with 34 million members worldwide, it claims to be the world's second-largest dating website. he believes infidelity can actually save relationships and believes people 'use affairs to preserve their marriage'
Sandra mathis, 52, surrendered to police just after 4.45pm after police say she repeatedly plunged a knife into her husband's upper torso. the 48-year-old victim was discovered lying on the ground unresponsive with blood gushing from a wound in his neck.
Yvonne camargo, 39, of Victorville, was arrested on suspicion of willful cruelty to a child on April 3. the video was filmed after a man identifying himself as Edward moneyhanz on Youtube saw the woman 'pulling this kid by his hair out of the khols store'. she can be seen wiping tears from the young boy's face as he cries. she then reaches behind him, grabs the tablet and hits him in the face
the first weekend of the arts and music festival wrapped in Indio, california. some of the outfits paraded around the sunny campus stood out as being particularly woeful. from the couple who wore matching american flag leotards to the man who sported a loincloth over Speedos.
Chris Brynarsky, a custom paint job expert, was shot and killed in his car detail shop in north carolina in 2006. when he was shot, he fell over a bumper he was working on and damaged it. his friend repaired the bumper and wrote an inscription on the inside dedicated to his slain friend before reattaching it to the car. nine years later, on good friday, a mechanic found the message on a car he was working on.
jamal Kiyemba, 36, was detained in the Ugandan capital Kampala. held over the murder of top female prosecutor Joan Kagezi in front of her children. one of 16 former prisoners awarded a £20million payout from the government. claims he was tortured by u.s. intelligence and interrogated by MI5.
a poll of 15,560 family doctors found one in six is considering going part-time. another one in ten is thinking about moving abroad to countries like canada. senior GPs say they are facing 'incredible' pressures brought on by ageing population.
400 Zimbabweans packed onto buses to escape anti-immigrant attacks. they were disembarking in the safe haven of a migration centre in the Zimbabwean border town of Beitbridge. about 3,200 Malawians have also sought refuge in temporary camps.
Hayley Grimes, 42, was just a teenager when she found baby's body. baby Peter was wrapped in blanket and sainsbury's bag in weasenham, nh. police used DNA profiling to trace boy's mother back to his family. she said: 'i think what she has done is horrible if the baby was dead or alive'
Julius Caesar famously collapsed at the battle of Thapsus in 46BC. historians have long believed this was result of an epileptic attack. but new research suggests the general may have been suffering from a series of mini-strokes that affected both his mental and physical state.
baroness hale of Richmond wants bitterness taken out of matrimonial disputes. around 120,000 couples divorce in england and wales each year.
marla McCants, from Nashville, tennessee, was kidnapped by an ex-boyfriend and held hostage. after a lengthy hospital stay and gastric bypass surgery, the 43-year-old refused to let medical professionals help her stand up. on the season finale of my 600lb life, she finally stood up for the first time in years.
gang posed as wealthy italian businessmen to steal gold and gems. they planned to hide one of them inside a flat-pack wooden desk. they would then show real money to a jeweller at a pre-arranged meeting. while price was agreed, man in cabinet would switch case for counterfeit notes. gang seized when police swooped on conference room at a hotel. three men and one teenager were each sentenced to two years and eight months.
police hunting for 26-year-old man who fled to london over alleged double murder. his mother and sister were found dead half a mile apart in bootle, Merseyside. police say they want to speak 'urgently' with him in connection to the deaths. he is described as white, between 5ft 2in and 5ft 5in and of slight build.
the 97 dogs were found last weekend in a barn in coffee county, tennessee. some had acid burns from the ammonia of their own urine, and there was also a wheelbarrow in the barn filled with 10 dead dogs piled on top of each other and covered in maggots. the property owner, 64-year-old Caroline Irby, was charged with 10 counts of animal cruelty on Monday.
fashion's most well-connected designer, Olivier Rousteing, has revealed why he chose the couple to star in his latest campaign. says they are 'among the most talked-about people' and embody the idea of a modern family.
sen. marco rubio said he would attend a same-sex wedding of a family member or staffer - even if he didn't agree with the decision. 'i don't believe that your sexual preferences are a choice for the vast and enormous majority of people,' he said. he added that, as a Catholic, he believes divorce is wrong, but he wouldn't stop loving someone if they were divorced. the florida
tunnels dug into sandstone cliffs in stockport were originally intended to provide car parking spaces. but following the outbreak of the second world war, the space was redeveloped as an air raid shelter. a total of 6,500 people could fit into the shelter, which was made up of a network of interconnecting passages.
Jarrett stoll, 32, was arrested for possession of cocaine and MDMA at the wet republic pool at the MGM grand hotel in Las Vegas. he is the longtime boyfriend of former dancing with the stars host, erin. the 32-year-old was trying to smuggle over three grams of cocaine and over eight grams of MDMA by hiding them in his board shorts.
Kelly parsons, 35, from south west london, has donated 50 eggs. in the space of 11 months, her eggs have become twin girls, twin boys and a baby boy. she and husband Dean struggled for eight years to conceive daughter Emily. after three heartbreaking miscarriages, Kelly gave birth to daughter in 2011.
the unidentified child caused the presidential residence to be closed off for a few moments on Sunday afternoon. the incident is the second lockdown in washington only a day after a man shot and killed himself on the west front of the Capitol building just after 1 p.m.
coach was carrying a bus full of french tourists in dartmouth, devon. driver was unable to reverse back up the way he had come on river slipway. eyewitnesses feared one wrong move and the bus would slide into the estuary.
stall-holder asked by council if she wanted to run a stand at event. but when she asked to be counted in she was told it was not 'English-themed' council has since apologised and invited stall-holder to run stand.
waheed Ahmed, 21, is the son of councillor Shakil Ahmed from rochdale. he was arrested with eight relatives - including four children - in a remote town. it is understood he is now returning to the uk on a flight to manchester.
Laura, 24, was told her husband, jack, 23, had just weeks to live. they got engaged at his hospital bedside just two months ago. friends, family, and hospital stuff rushed to plan their dream wedding. they got married in Torbay hospital chapel just six days after the news.
William ziegler, now 39, was jailed in 2001 for killing acquaintance. in 2012 his conviction was overturned after a judge blasted his initial trial. today he was freed after he agreed to plead guilty to aiding and abetting murder. judge sentencing him to 15 years and 50 days for aiding and abetting murder.
Marc gasol of the Memphis Grizzlies was heading back to the locker room after the team beat the new Orleans pelicans 110-74 on Wednesday night. he stopped to chat with a young fan on the sidelines, who animatedly talked and pointed to gasol before they exchanged a high five. the young child is a devoted Grizzlies fan and popular with the players.
candice was the highest paid actress in television for a lot of years after playing the title role in the hit CBS sitcom, Murphy brown that ran for ten years starting in 1988. her upbringing by her model/ actress mother and her famous father, Edgar Bergen, best known for as ventriloquist who's sidekick was dummy Charlie McCarthy. when he died in 1978, her penurious father left his only daughter out of his will - but not Charlie.
Niamh geaney, a 26-year-old student from dublin, found her doppleganger. she teamed up with two friends to launch a project called twin strangers. the aim of the social media experiment was to see which of the three could find their closest lookalike within 28 days.
le manoir aux quat'saisons is a stunning 15th century manor house in the rolling hills of the chilterns. the restaurant has held two Michelin stars for the best part of the 30 years since it opened.
Terry cooper, 79, was enjoying the sunshine in his garden with his dog. the huge animal burst through a hedge with two cubs in his garden. he said his dog dragged him back indoors and fears he could have been attacked if his pet had not been there.
community technology alliance is giving away free google handsets. phones come loaded with apps that help the homeless find shelters. they are also designed to help people apply for jobs and find housing. Holly Leonard, who was homeless and had spent time in prison, has used her free handset to find herself a new home in San Jose.
police raided the Lo yen city restaurant in southern Tijuana on tuesday. a client called in the cops after hearing the sounds of a howling dog. police found caged dogs in the kitchen and a decapitated puppy in the trash. owner admitted to killing the dog but said it was for his own personal use. authorities have closed a total of six restaurants in the local area.
Shona banda, 37, wrote a book about how she uses a liquid form of cannabis as therapy for her debilitating Crohn's disease. her 11-year-old son was taken by authorities on march 24 after his comments about marijuana at a school presentation prompted police to search her home. they returned several hours later with a warrant and discovered marijuana in plant, oil, joint, gel and capsule form along with paraphernalia for the drug. no charges have yet been filed against the
munroe, 27, from east london, was born a boy called Ian in 1999. came out as gay at 15, and started dressing as a woman three years later. at 25 she was offered hormones by her doctor. now spins records in some of the country's most high end clubs.
six-month-old seal was nursed back to health in a wildlife sanctuary. she suffered horrific injuries to her face and back after the high-speed impact. force of the collision broke her jaw causing her a painful death. wildlife campaigners believe she was struck by a jet ski or speed boat.
Ed miliband will allow Scotland to set a more generous benefits system. he will hand Scottish MPs the unprecedented power to set a higher state pension and more generous dole and disability payments. move will lead to fears that it could again put the future of the union at risk.
officials said the illicit drugs were discovered in a suitcase at the airport. the drugs were worth more than €1.3million (£950,000) in street value. 18 packages containing 46lbs (21kg) of cocaine were stuffed inside the suitcase. officials are satisfied the tourist did not smuggle the drugs into france.
Marion'suge' knight was chained down to a chair and wheeled into a courtroom on Wednesday after he fell at a previous hearing while addressing murder charges levied against him. the 49-year-old diabetic with a blood clot fell and hit his head at a previous bail hearing. his lawyer said authorities put Knight in the chair and chained him down as part of a 'ploy' to 'humiliate' his client.
Westerners believe ultra-violence is the only way to make their name in syria and iraq. many eager to take part in the terror group's sickening propaganda releases. most common job for western jihadis is to guard prisoners.
Laura everley, 36, had been suffering from bloating, back pain and constipation. she also frequently needed to urinate and put the symptoms down to ibs. but when she stumbled across a post on facebook, she realised it was cancer. tests revealed she had an aggressive ovarian tumour and it had spread. she underwent a hysterectomy to remove her womb and her ovaries.
yvonne deegan, 77, described the investigation as 'absolutely diabolical' her husband Bernie died suddenly earlier this year following a 12-year cancer battle. his death is one of four on the small island of alderney being investigated. retired stonemason was close friend of Colin cosheril, 63, whose sudden death from heart failure last year is also being looked at.
a jury in placerville, california, took less than two hours on wednesday to return a guilty verdict for first-degree murder. Robert Harris, 72, was found dead from a shotgun blast at the couple's home in 2013. colleen Harris testified that she couldn't recall the events leading up to his death because of traumatic memory loss.
Doaa and umm, whose names have been changed to conceal identities, left the al-Khansa Brigade earlier this year. they were heavily involved in punishing others who did not obey group's rules - including those who tried to flee. doaa, 20, said: 'what upset me most was lashing old women when they weren't wearing proper dress'
federal health officials say 106 passengers and six crew members aboard the Celebrity infinity cruise ship were sickened by the gastrointestinal illness norovirus. the agency said the main symptoms for those affected were diarrhea and throwing up. the ship was on its journey from march 29 to April 13, federal health officials said.
Toronto police officer Luke Watson has dyed his hair hot pink to protest against homophobia, discrimination and bullying towards LGBT people. a friend used spray-in hair color to transform his blonde locks to a shocking shade of fuchsia. within no time, Luke was ready to show off his new hairdo at the Day of pink rally at forest hills collegiate institute in Toronto.
the 34-year-old shared her beauty essentials on her instagram page. protects skin with £65 creme de la mer SPF 30 UV Protecting fluid. also uses a £12 rose water mist from glossier. also uses a hairbrush from her own range, Kardashian beauty.
gavin Thorman, 36, operated drug empire from HMP altcourse in Liverpool. boasted in Welsh he would make'millions' when he got out of jail. drugs worth £200,000, luxury cars, guns and even a boat were seized. planned to spend money on new teeth, liposuction and a facelift.
Blake Cronkhite, 5, and Jayden secrest, 3, drowned when their kid-sized all-terrain vehicle plunged into a pond in northern california. the boys' father, Brandon Cronkhite, jumped into the water and pulled the boys to shore. the boys' fathers, William secrest and Brandon Cronkhite, have not been cited or arrested.
the luxurious Ulusaba game reserve is in south africa's Sabi Sands. it is owned by sir richard Branson and is a private game reserve. the roar of a bush lion, the yawn of a hippo and the prowl of a leopard also featured.
actress Julia louis-dreyfus has revealed that the ultra-short hairstyle she models in the newest season of HBO's political comedy Veep was inspired by former presidential candidate Hillary. the 54-year-old also jumped to the politician's defense, saying: 'hair, for some reason, is a really big deal'
libertarian icon has beefed up his campaign store ahead of his announcement this morning that he would compete for the Republican nomination for president next year. 'Rand for president' items include macbook skins and woven blankets that feature his face.'stand with Rand' flip-flops and car mats and a host of other unique items like the 'NSA spy cam blocker' will also be available.
second in line to the throne is a trainee pilot with the east Anglia air ambulance. he has finished training 'earlier than expected' and will not start final stage until june 1. prince will enjoy six weeks' paternity leave around the arrival of the baby. prince Harry will return to the uk this weekend to watch the marathon. he is already in the country to attend the gallipoli centenary commemorations.
Alan Rogers, 73, smashed the skull of 76-year-old grandfather Fred Hatch. he then calmly called the police and told them: 'i have just killed one of my neighbours and I have hit his head with a hammer' police and paramedics raced to the sheltered housing complex in dinas powys but they were unable to save Mr Hatch, who died in hospital. today at Cardiff crown court, Rogers pleaded guilty to
statue of colonialist Cecil Rhodes set to be removed from university. university council ordered it be removed after hearing it made black students feel uncomfortable and was seen as a symbol of historical white oppression. the government has backed the move, and is working to see if the country can take an ‘official position’ on statues and other colonial symbols.
police in Hagerstown, Maryland, are promising a thorough investigation into the death of a man in custody. officers used a stun gun to subdue him outside a home he had broken into, prompting the frightened children inside to call 911. the man was not carrying identification but police were later able to identify him as darrell Lawrence brown, 31, of upper marlboro, Maryland.
the Optimal case was designed by Israel-based amited. sensors monitor the phone's temperature and if it gets too hot, Optimal will cool the device using two built-in micro-fans. and if it gets too cold, Optimal engages its anti-freeze protection mode to gently heat the phone using resistance coils. Optimal syncs with a smartphone over bluetooth and constantly analyses the phone's temperature when Auto mode is enabled.
Charlene mess, 48, was arrested on Monday after her husband of 30 years, 52-year-old Douglas mess, was found killed at their farm in attica, new york.
bridget klecker, 42, was struck by a car fleeing the police in san francisco on friday. she was in a crosswalk when the car struck her and she died at the hospital. the car sped off with police in pursuit and hit a second pedestrian before slipping away from police. the three men in the car were still at large as of friday night.
Victoria wasteney, 38, says she was branded a'religious nutcase' when she was suspended from her job after colleague accused her of trying to convert her to Christianity. her lawyers have now submitted a challenge to an employment tribunal. they argue they broke the law by restricting her freedom of conscience and religion.
police in ragusa, a Sicilian port town, arrested three Syrian men. they were at the helm of a yacht attempting to reach the italian coast. it is thought the smugglers charged each person $8,500 (£5,700) to make the crossing. police say the total earned by the organisers was somewhere in the region of £536,000.
last month a court ruled. Richard lapointe was deprived of a fair trial for the 1987 killing and on. Friday, a judge ordered him to be freed on $25,000 cash bail. the former inmate was photographed walking out of the hearing alongside his attorney and another supporter with his arms weakly raised in the air.
the agreement with Tebow, 27, stemming from a framework that was put in place when he worked out with the team last month, has been finalized. his last regular-season NFL game appearance was in December 2012 with the new york jets, from which he was released in 2013. the new england patriots made him one of their final roster cuts in 2013 and he spent last year as a college gridiron television commentator when no NFL team wanted him.
throngs of people have turned up at the brewery's Brewfactory bar. the spat started after the Respect party parliamentary candidate took offence. the brewer reminded the politician that he was no longer the MP for the area after parliament was dissolved last Monday.
for the love of cars returns for a second series on channel 4. the programme celebrates the duo's love affair with classic cars. each episode looks at the history of various types of vehicles. it also broadens their horizon by working on foreign-manufactured cars.
gold and silver bars had been loaded onto a former ferry, converted into a battle cruiser to take part in a dangerous Arctic convoy. the bullion was to pay the americans for arms shipped to Russia during one of the most crucial stages of the second world war. but as a delicate operation began to transfer the cases of treasure onto a waiting boat, one slipped and fell into the muddy waters.
senior tory said Nigel farage is 'not my cup of tea' and would question whether she was 'happy to serve' with the Ukip leader. he has urged Ukip supporters to 'come home' to the conservatives. but he has stopped short of ruling out having to rely on the party.
author of 'happier people healthier planet', dr Teresa belton, insists that there are simple things we can do to increase happiness. these include inviting a lonely person out for a cup of tea, singing in a community choir and practicing good posture. the 62-year-old also says that it is important to prioritise 'wellbeing' over happiness.
forget botox or chemical peels the latest celebrity beauty craze is having a tight jawline like Emma stone. it seems the new trend in celebrity-ville is not about hiding your wrinkles. the new trend is the 'nefertiti lift' aptly named after the Egyptian queen.
the prank was executed by the Ecuadorean airline, tourism ministry and ministry of transport and public works. tourists were fooled into thinking they had flown to golfito, a port town in Costa Rica. they enjoyed white water rafting, swimming near waterfalls and hiking. the stunt sparked outrage from the Costa Rican government and ambassador to Ecuador.
the ultimate toy cupboard will house up to 114 cars and have five-star accommodation for chauffeurs and staff. it is being built by the billionaire emir of Dubai, sheikh Mohammed bin Rashid al Maktoum. the car park will be built next to battersea heliport by the river Thames.
Ben powers played the character of thelma's husband Keith in the show's sixth and final season between 1978-1979. he passed away at his new Bedford, massachusetts home on April 6. his family has not revealed the cause of his death.
Google began testing its download feature last year. allows users to download their entire search archive, as well as deleting part, or all, of the record. exports your searches to google drive in a ZIP archive.
Samantha fleming, 23, went missing from her home in Anderson, indiana, on April 5. her body was found wrapped in plastic and doused in bleach at a house 180 miles away in Gary, indiana. police believe the woman posed as a social worker and convinced her to come with her to Gary so she could kill her and steal her baby. the baby, Serenity, was found by police and is safe.
for a few hundred dollars, you can purchase your own kit on the web. advertisements promise immediate results, but have not made the potential dangerous side effects clear. experts strongly believe that the equipment poses a danger to amateurs and children.
Tectonica responsible for websites of more than 200 labour parliamentary candidates. it also designed the websites of Harriet Harman, Andy burnham and tristram hunt. tory MPs last night claimed labour’s argentian link was an ‘embarrassment’ for Miliband.
plane crashed in the french Alps killing all 150 on board. investigators say co-pilot locked himself in cockpit and deliberately crashed. plane's electronics 'could have been hacked', says aviation expert.
Amanda casey, also of north carolina, was married to michael wilkie for four years and had a daughter with him before the couple divorced. 'he said if I ever tried to take his daughter away from him that he would kill me,' casey said. 'he grabbed me around my throat and threw me around our bedroom and on the bed. my shoulder went through and made that hole in the sheetrock in the bedroom,' she said. w
Homaro cantu, 38, was found dead on the north side of chicago on tuesday. his body was found hanging inside of a brewpub he was opening with his business partner. cantu had recently become strained by a lawsuit filed by a former investor in his restaurant and failed restaurant iNG. the lawsuit claims cantu co-mingled funds from Moto and iNG to keep iNG afloat, even though he advised
a 46-year-old man has been arrested in connection with the death of an imam. Abdul hadi arwani was found slumped in the back seat of his car in wembley. he was an outspoken critic of the Assad regime and 'actively' campaigned against extremist, his family have revealed.
Chernae noonan founded eyebrow shaping business the brow bar in 2003. she has six stores across australia including on the gold coast, Sydney and Melbourne. beautician took action against the cosmetics giant when the company sought to trademark 'Brow Bar' in australia in 2011. she said customers would confuse her business with BeneFit Brow Bar.
Ivan was born with Ohtahara syndrome, a rare brain disorder. it left him in a wheelchair, needing to be fed through a tube and suffering from cerebral palsy and severe epileptic fits. he died aged six in 2009 and his parents were left 'totally shattered' in a tearful interview, david and his wife spoke for the first time of the 'nightmare' of learning their first child had a rare disorder.
army psychiatrist major Nidal hasan opened fire at the military post in 2009. he killed 13 men and women and injured 30 others before he was shot himself. authorities initially classed the mass murder as 'workplace violence' but it has since been acknowledged that the attack was an act of terrorism. this year, it was ruled that victims will be honored with purple hearts. but one victim claims he is still going without certain benefits. he says the military rejected his claims that his injuries were sustained
police received a 911 call about an intoxicated horse rider on us 23. officers ordered the man to stop, but he dismounted and ran away. he was later found on horseback again and resisted arrest, saying 'i didn't do s***, I was just riding my horse'
jahnae Jackson noticed her boyfriend had developed a lump three weeks ago. she prompted him to visit a doctor who requested an MRI. he was diagnosed with a stage four brain tumour four weeks ago. jahnae knew they needed a second opinion so she hunted online. doctors said the tumour was too deep and aggressive to be safely operated on. the 18-year-olds from northern NSW have raised over $80,000 from community generosity for his life-saving surgery.
the move comes in response to an online petition posted on the white house website following the death of 17-year-old Leelah alcorn. the petition currently has over 120,000 signatures. in a statement late Wednesday, white house senior adviser Valerie Jarrett said the administration supports banning so-called conversion therapy treatments for minors.
titled 'battle for sevastopol' in russia but 'indestructible' in Ukraine. movie is co-production between the two countries made just before crisis. despite freeze in ties between former allies, $5m (£3m) movie launched last week. it has glitzy gala premieres in both Moscow and Kiev. film is about Ukrainian-born sniper nicknamed 'lady death'
Evansville in comanche county, kansas, was once home to a post office, a grocery store and even a school house. but now, the ghost town is a shadow of its former self, with its once-thriving commissary building in a state of disrepair. rancher Larry 'dee' Scherich and his wife, phyllis, live in a house just north of commissary building. they do not have to worry about unexpected visitors,
the film tells the story of a serial killer who targets children in the Stalin era. it was due to air as the country celebrates its victory over nazi germany. culture ministry said the film distorted history as it celebrated victory. film's distributors in the country have withdrawn a request for distribution licence.
Dr Adam Cobb was taken into custody on Friday in Portsmouth, new hampshire, for receipt and distribution of child pornography. he allegedly uploaded images of child pornography to the social networking site, tumblr. if convicted he faces 20 years' jail in the us. the 45-year-old was in the US working as a research professor and director at the prestigious US Naval war college in Rhode island.
the Pulitzer prize for journalism went to the post and Courier newspaper of Charleston, south carolina. the paper's powerful photo series entitled 'till death do us part,' on domestic violence scooped the top award. executive editor mitch. pugh said reporters saw annual statistics which ranked south. Carolina as the state where most women are killed by men.
Gerald and April whalen visited fast food outlet at 9.30pm last week. but the family meal was interrupted by sounds of pornographic film. scene from risque show 'outlander' was screened in front of 6-year-old twins.
funeral of police shooting victim Walter Scott took on fiery tone today. pastor presiding over the service said his death was'motivated by racial discrimination' he attacked officer michael slager, who killed Scott last week. he said: 'it's one thing to have a loved one die... it's another to have to watch them die... and see how they died'.
police began combing woodland in Argyll this afternoon following reports of a small plane losing contact with ground control. at around 8pm this evening officers discovered the remains of the two passengers thought to have been on board. lifeboats and helicopters were scrambled to help locate the missing plane today.
Harley was diagnosed with neuroblastoma - a rare and aggressive childhood cancer which affects fewer than 100 children in the uk. his parents took him to see a doctor after he complained of a stomach pain. he was diagnosed with cancer in his kidney, neck, lungs and bones. during radiotherapy he donned a superhero mask to help him feel brave. hospital staff were amazed when the youngster asked if he could decorate the protective mask that holds him still while having his
the couple want to install air-con in five rooms at the £31.5 million home. one neighbour was furious with the proposals, claiming it 'will affect the historic character of the Victorian house of the streets, my house included' but other locals gave their support to the Beckhams and the royal Borough of Kensington and Chelsea council has approved the plans subject to minor conditions.
jury threw out case against three sun journalists and one former daily mirror reporter. they were accused of funnelling cash to public officials in exchange for leaks. but jury found exposing how taxpayers’ cash was wasted on bingo games for illegal immigrants and lavished on child killer Jon Venables was not a crime.
residents of north Charleston, south carolina, have said the shooting of unarmed black driver Walter lamer Scott was preceded by previous unheeded complaints about the police. there is almost nothing in officer michael slager's police personnel file to suggest that his bosses considered him a rogue officer capable of murdering a man he just pulled over for a broken tail light. 'we've had through the years numerous similar complaints, and they all seem to be taken lightly and
the account was started by writer Kaylin pound and relies on submissions via direct messages. highlights include a puppy looking into the camera while wearing its owner's sunglasses. other cute dogs, from boxers to Boston terriers, are pictured chilling with their owners, sometimes in bed, on the sofa, or even in the car.
Ystradyfodwg, pronounced ust-rady-vod-ug, was the home of Mrs Clinton's great grandmother. Ystradyfodwg is named after a sixth century Welsh saint who some believe may have been a Breton monk. the district, known for its reliance on coal mining and poverty, has since been abolished and is now part of Rhondda.
Mackenzi sue-rose Miller, 21, allegedly hit and killed 13-year-old Trinity backmann on february 28 in apopka, florida. her BAC levels were 0.114 and 0.110, while the legal limit in florida is 0.08. she was booked into the orange county jail on thursday after turning herself in.
Julio 'Wemo' Acevedo, 46, was found guilty of manslaughter and criminally negligent homicide after driving away from the scene of an accident. nachman and Raizel Glauber, who were 7 months pregnant at the time of the crash, were heading to the hospital in a livery cab when they were killed. doctors were able to deliver the 21-year-old's baby boy, but the child died the next day.
Martin and Jessica castillo, from nuevo laredo, lost their wedding ring while scuba diving in playa del Carmen, mexico, in february 2013. a cousin of the couple's alerted them to facebook campaign by scuba diver Daniel roark, 22, who picked it up from the ocean floor. they had all but given up hope of ever finding the ring. a year later, they were reunited with their ring and have renewed their
Bobby brown appeared close to tears during a concert in los angeles. it was his first public appearance since daughter Bobbi Kristina fell into a coma. he shied away from talking in detail about his daughter but instead admitted these were 'rough times'.
Ronald Anderson, 48, who was charged in the crime spree, was previously convicted of manslaughter and was recently arrested in an assault case involving his 'visibly afraid' girlfriend. the woman, whose 10-month-old son was home, told police that Anderson had hit her several times, knocking her into walls, because he thought she was looking at another man. the guard, identified as Lawrence Buckner, died at a hospital in Cheverly, Maryland, at 7:19 p.
Shamima Begum, 15, amira abase, 15, and kadiza. sultana, 16, travelled to turkey from the uk last february. believed to be living in terror group's adopted capital of raqqa. forged social media links with three of the leaders of al-khansa brigade. group has been accused of doling out savage beatings and spying.
booed by voters at Westminster's Methodist central hall as he faced claims he blamed all of Britain's problems on migrants. pollster ICM today defended its process 'using random location selection techniques'
former snp leader said labour would find it difficult to avoid a deal with the scottish nationalists in the event of a hung parliament. he said he was 'foolish' to rule out a coalition.
presenters star in first campaign together for garnier nutrisse. they can be seen cuddling up to each other and larking around. davina, 47, has worked with garnier for over 10 years.
little rosennah gundry was diagnosed with stage three neuroblastoma cancer. the football-sized tumour weighs more than half her body weight. it is growing around her vital organs and pressing against her spine. the family are desperately searching for specialists who may have the answer to removing the tumour.
sisters weigh 5st 5lbs (34kg), 2st 5lbs (15kg) and 7st 8lbs (48kg) each. the food they eat in a week is enough to feed two families in a month. their father is planning to sell his kidney to fund life-saving treatment.
Tunisian skipper Mohammed Ali malek, 27, was arrested when he stepped onto Sicilian soil last night. he was forced to watch the bodies of 24 victims of the tragedy being carried off the ship for burial on the island of Malta. he has been charged with multiple manslaughter, causing a shipwreck and aiding illegal immigration. prosecutors claim he contributed to the disaster by mistakenly ramming the overcrowded fishing boat into a merchant ship
ComRes survey shows lib dems up three points to 12%, equal with ukip. it is the first time since late 2013 that lib dems have failed to outpoll ukip. poll undermines farage's claim that support for ukip has 'rallied'
a text message intended for a senior aide to the Chancellor was accidentally sent to a journalist at the guardian. it is believed that those on the minimum wage would be exempt from paying any income tax – even if its level is raised in future. the minimum wage currently stands at £6.50 an hour, rising to £6.70 in October.
Frankie weighed 18 stone 7lbs and had struggled with her weight all her life. the 24-year-old dropped to a svelte size 10/12 in less than two years. now the slimming world consultant is just one year away from walking down the aisle for a fourth time - to marry the love of her life.
Sienna Miller is a yoga fan - her mother started a yoga school in the seventies. the slim actress also works with a personal trainer, power-walking and jogging around her local park.
the photo was taken by Brad allan in Cape york, far north Queensland, as he was heading out fishing at the break of dawn. the 50-year-old describes it as 'the sunrise digger who's been watching over us for 100 years' the image was taken about two weeks before the 100th anniversary of the landing on gallipoli.
Dana Marie McKinnon, 24, has been charged with DUI manslaughter and vehicular homicide. she allegedly slammed head-on into the vehicle of 42-year-old businessman vihn Vo on the morning of may 18, 2013. the victim was pronounced dead at the scene, despite good samaritans' desperate efforts to save him.
David axelrod masterminded two presidential election victories for obama. he was hired by the labour leader amid great fanfare last year. he has helped refine labour's message about tackling cost of living.
the 12 jurors and 12 alternates were chosen on Tuesday in in arapahoe county district court after a selection process that began on January 20. a union plumber, a school teacher and a survivor of the 1999 columbine high school massacre were among the 19 women and five men chosen. also on the jury are a lawyer, a gas station attendant, a military veteran and an active-duty service member.
a lack of iron, especially in women, is known to trigger hair loss. research found women with increased hair-shedding responded well to iron supplements.
children caught throwing rocks at police in the northern territory will be removed from their families. chief minister Adam Giles and minister for children and families John Elferink made the threat after a recent rise in youth crime. parents will also be fined $298 if their child is found on the streets during school hours.
raccoon climbed 213 meters up a tower crane before taking a high-altitude poop. tower crane operator shared first picture of 'Little mac' on social media. he said: 'they are the tortoise in the story. not so fast, but efficient'
Rebecca was formally a size 18 and posed in campaigns for major brands. but the 37-year-old model was secretly'repulsed' by her body. so she checked into a military-style fitness camp and lost two stone. went down from 14 stone to just below 12 stone in just two months.
police raided dr rory lyons' private health centre in alderney. he was suspended by the medical practitioners tribunal service. 62-year-old's surgery remained shut over the Easter weekend.
the bodies of the family were discovered by neighbours in alintepe, turkey. neighbours became concerned after they noticed the house had been quiet. authorities believe the family died of food poisoning or exposure to poisonous gas. only survivor is 19-year-old son, who is receiving counselling.
leanna norris, 25, of Auburn, plied two-year-old with antihistamine. she then covered her mouth and nose with duct tape, a court heard. the body was found in the front seat of her car in Stetson, Maine.
Sally white, 28, rescued the terrified animal from a bleak hillside. his ribs were poking through and vets feared he would not survive. but her love and care for the skinny and mistreated horse has turned it into a magnificent steed - and the pair have become inseparable.
police say 54-year-old Larry McElroy shot an armadillo in his backyard. but the bullet ricocheted off the armored animal's shell and hit a fence. the mother-in-law, 74, suffered non-life-threatening injuries.
former policeman dino maglio has been sentenced to six and a half years in prison. the 35-year-old lured the girl to his padua home via a couch-surfing website. he admitted drugging her with a tranquilliser and having sex, even though he knew she was under-age.
the Ethical Maldives alliance is encouraging tourists to boycott 'high risk' resorts linked to human rights abuses. hotels are coded as 'low risk,' 'high risk,' or 'under consideration'
asda has recalled packs of Little angels 2 newborns 0+ months dummies. the supermarket was alerted to a possible choking risk on facebook. customers are now being asked to either dispose of the products or return them.
Lizzy Hawker entered the 2005 ultra-trail du mont-blanc on a whim. she's since gone on to become Britain’s most distinctive female ‘ultra runner’. her book is strong on Buddhist philosophy and the peace that comes with living fully in the now.
'I've got a driver — a 16-year-old driving around,' the first lady said during an appearance on live! with Kelly and michael.
a new campaign from rape crisis london aims to stamp out the myth that a woman can be blamed for her attack because of her choice in clothing. the initiative has produced over 2,000 photographs of 200 women in london accompanied by the logo #thisdoesn'tmeanyes.
former NT politician Matthew gardiner has returned to australia. he is believed to have been fighting for the Islamic state in the middle east. the 43-year-old left behind his wife and three young sons. he was allowed to leave the country because he was not on any watch list.
prime minister will vow to encourage more job creation by extending national insurance breaks worth at least £2,000 a year to smaller firms taking on new staff. he will hail the 'jobs miracle' that has seen 1,000 new jobs created every day. last night, head of the international monetary fund picked out the UK recovery as exemplary.
a new collagen-laced brew, created by Japanese liquor company suntory, boasts a five per cent alcohol content level and claims to have two grams of collagen per can. collagen is a type of protein found in skin that provides structure, firmness and texture, making people appear more youthful.
fishermen in china keep a special, thousand year old tradition alive with just a bird, a gas lamp and a net each morning. the men release a cormorant bird, which then dives into the water and retrieves a carp, returning it to the fisherman's reed raft. the stunning images were captured on the river Li in southern china, by a photographer called viktoriiaa rogotneva.
spring has finally sprung and it's time to get outdoors and take in beautiful springtime blooms around the world. mailonline travel has compiled the most beautiful spring destinations for those looking to get in a unique getaway before the summer rush begins.
the 43-year-old entrepreneur bought the three-bedroom property in the exclusive park circus area of Glasgow for £780,700. she split from her then husband michael in 2011 and spent months renovating the period two-storey mansion. it is being marketed by estate agents corum for offers over £875,000, which means the tycoon will profit at least £100,000 if it sells.
gold coast city council will finally be able to shut down illegal party houses. there are more than 700 party houses across the city. they are often used for unruly weekend-long parties. police have often been called in after neighbours complained about noise and lewd behaviour at some of the houses.
more than 250 fascinating and eclectic objects – with estimated values of £500 to £30,000 – will go under the hammer. the around the world auction is drawing interest from collectors and those with wanderlust. one of the highlights of the collection – consignors – is 11 professionally restored photos of captain Scott’s fateful expedition to the south pole.
every last piece of hunting memorabilia has been removed from public display. even the blood-red walls have been painted white, as if to make clear the break with the past.
american-egyptian citizen Mohamed soltan, 27, was sentenced to life in prison. he was found guilty of plotting unrest against the military-backed government that overthrew former president Mohamed morsi in a 2013 coup. judge Mohamed Nagy shehata is known for his harsh rulings in cases involving the Muslim Brotherhood, which Egypt has banned and labeled a terrorist group. his father, who served in the morsi administration, was among the 14 detainees
'day seven, oh man, i have a crush on my husband,' says 30-year-old jaclyn methuen in a preview for tonight's episode.
five Afghan men found in the back of a refrigerated lorry on the a40 in Gloucestershire. believed to have boarded the truck in Belgium before crossing the channel. police sniffer dogs were used to find them after officers opened the truck's back doors. it comes a week after an illegal camp of migrants was cleared in Calais.
police believe missing toddler may be alive, despite fears he was kidnapped by a paedophile ring. police have described the 'fast-paced' investigation into the new line of inquiry as 'progressing rapidly' this comes as the three-year-old's mother spoke out about the horrifying moment she realised her son had vanished. she frantically searched the house, opening cupboards and yelling out, 'you need to talk mummy and
unique event happened in an ancient cluster of stars at the edge of the galaxy. white dwarf star - the dense core of a star like the sun that has run out of nuclear fuel - ripped apart a planet at the edge of the milky way galaxy. when a star reaches its white dwarf stage, nearly all of the material from the star is packed inside a radius one hundredth that of the original star.
Natalie Bennett said 'citizens income' would take longer than five years to bring in. critics say it would cost £280billion and could take even longer to implement. she said dismantling armed forces and using weapons factories to build wind turbines was also a 'long-term aspiration'
around 650 foreign entrants, three times more than last year, joined in today's event under the constant watch of soldiers. the event - which only opened its doors to non-local amateurs in 2014 - was founded in 1981 in the single-party country. last year will marks, the. British man who won the amateur half marathon category, revealed how runners. were banned from displaying country flags and western logos.
Mercedes-Benz fashion week australia came to a close on thursday night. highlights included shows from romance was born, toni maticevski and ginger & smart. voluminous silhouettes and sheer fabrics were a fixture on the runway.
the company said the total number of containers in the recall comes to 'approximately 30,000' only five batches of hummus are being recalled - and only the company's Classic Hummus. the company said that customers will be refunded if they return the products to stores.
Heather Mack, 19, is accused of murdering her mother, sheila von wiese-mack. she took baby Stella to court in denpasar as she maintained her innocence. Mack smiled and laughed as she cradled the infant in a holding cell. she was also filmed singing the hit 'umbrella' as she nursed the infant.
Sue sharp, 57, bought £11 leg of lamb from asda in midlothian, scotland. lamb's packaging said it was born, reared and slaughtered in the uk. but a stamp on the meat said it had come from new zealand.
police raided the home of school bus drivers after concerns were raised. Steven and Sarah Nick are accused of plundering 67-year-old mother's savings. the couple are said to have links to the southeast Michigan volunteer militia.
a majority of the public does not want Camilla to become queen if prince Charles succeeds to the throne, a poll for the daily mail reveals. only 43 per cent believe he should ascend to the throne compared with an almost identical number saying he should stand aside. four out of ten people think he should give up his right to be king so the crown passes straight to prince William.
Ashleigh sokie was asked to wash Niall's clothes after washing machine broke. the 20-year-old then tried on the star's polo shirt and posted it on twitter. she also claimed to have taken his underwear as a trophy for herself. fans branded the fan 'creepy' and 'disrespectful' for trying on the clothes.
demand is putting endangered gibbons, leopards and elephants at risk. tyre industry consumes 70 per cent of all natural rubber grown. rising demand for vehicle and aeroplane tyres behind expansion of plantations.
Nicola sturgeon refused to rule out holding a second independence vote. said she respected last year's result and would not call for another plebiscite. said she would not call for such a call in the manifesto for 2016 election. admission sparked howls of derision from audience at election debate.
William Kerr, 53, was jailed for 17 years for murder of a woman found dead in 1996. he was released on licence in January and is believed to have travelled to london. north Yorkshire police say he must return to prison 'as a matter of urgency'
a survey of 1,025 australian parents found that a third of women are not finding time for their hobbies and passions. more women had foregone personal interests for work commitments or to finance'more important' things in the last week, than had men. clinical psychologist and happiness institute wellness expert Dr Paula watkins says its important to create space for the things we love.
Kevin russ hopped trains, dumpster dived for leftovers and slept in ditches as he photographed the lifestyle of a nomad down south. the traveling photographer has clocked tens of thousands of miles in the last couple of years as he's journeyed across the country.
last year we produced more than 1.5 million cars – the most since 2007. we are poised to overtake france and become the second biggest car manufacturing power in Europe. the problem with ed miliband is that he wants to take the country back to the 1970s.
Joe Anderson, 56, took £4,500 per year from Chesterfield high school. despite doing nothing for pupils, the mayor claimed 'kudos' for being linked to him. he tried to sue the school, claiming discrimination because of his 'philosophical belief' in public service. a tribunal ruled that he was unfairly dismissed, but he was not entitled to compensation.
co-pilot who purposefully crashed germanwings flight 9525 had been treated for psychiatric illness, it later emerged. a debate has ensued over whether privacy laws regarding medical records should be less strict when it comes to professions that carry special responsibilities. it has been widely argued that germany's privacy laws were to blame for the tragedy.
Ronnie Carroll died just days after successfully getting on election ballot paper. 80-year-old was due to stand as an independent for Hampstead and Kilburn. had contested elections before, winning 29 votes in Haltemprice by-election. died following a battle with cancer, during which a friend handed in nomination papers as he was too ill to do so himself.
some hospitals charging up to £2,700 for one eye - treble what it costs the health service. cataract treatment being rationed in england to save money. campaigners accuse hospitals of profiting from elderly patients.
study was conducted by scientists at purdue university in Indiana. they were investigating how to reduce bird to aircraft collisions by keeping birds away from planes. research showed that birds responded most to blue lights on planes. but when the plane approached them with its lights off, their response slowed. and they were also more likely to get out of the way when the lights were pulsing. runways could be synced with taxiing aircraft, to help capture birds’ attention before an aircraft takes off.
Waheed Ahmed, 21, was held at Birmingham airport in the early hours of this morning. he was deported by the Turkish authorities and flown back to the uk. Ahmed and eight of his relatives - including four children - were stopped on the Turkish border with Syria on April 1.
fire started at Paul's hair world in Manchester's northern quarter on july 13, 2013. father-of-two Stephen hunt, 38, lost his life tackling the inferno. girl, 16, said to have dropped a cigarette to the floor while standing near the shop's fire exit which rolled underneath the door and set boxes alight. she was originally charged with arson being reckless as to whether life was endangered, but was cleared having been due to stand trial on monday.
PETA released a confronting campaign accusing the wool industry of barbaric treatment of their sheep. the gruesome campaign shows vegan guitarist Jona weinhofen, holding a severed lamb actually made of foam. PETA later admitted the lamb was a prop and made of foam. the Victorian Farming Federation launched an official complaint to the advertising standards bureau on monday.
Lee allan bonneau, 6, died from blunt force trauma to the head in august 2013 following a savage attack on a reservation in Saskatchewan. a 10-year-old boy, identified in court documents as l.t., reportedly admitted to killing Lee Bonneau and crushing his head after initially blaming a stranger for the slaying. the troubled 10-year-old told his friends how a 'big guy' had struck Lee with a stick three times, pushed him down
NBC news said in a statement that kidnappers were a 'criminal gang' they tried to convince their victims they were Shiite rebels affiliated to the government. but instead of being freed after a harrowing firefight, captives may have been handed over. kidnapping was reported to have been carried out by forces associated with president bashar-al Assad.
Kai Windsor shunned traditional girls' toys and preferred football to dolls. by the age of nine he had finally broken the truth to his mother Rachel. now he is set to undergo hormone treatment to halt puberty.
dietrich evans, 22, charged with aggravated assault. victim Kay hafford, 28, left with bullet fragments in her brain.
iRobot has filed a request with the fcc to use airwaves for its latest design. lawnmowers would be guided wirelessly from beacons on poles. astronomers claim the frequencies iRobot wants to use are the same as they use to detect methanol – a key sign of star formation.
the curtain fell on Mercedes-benz fashion week australia 2015 on Thursday night in a spectacular finale show by Johanna Johnson. the glamorous Hollywood-inspired collection, 'Sirens' Call', featured mirrored embellishments, fringing, and feathers. the collection was created in under one month, interrupted by separates of leather and cashmere.
Hayley sandiford's american bulldog Winston has attacked several postmen. neighbours have even left notes on her front door saying 'keep your devil dog away'
Lisa skinner, 52, shot the male home invader, who has now been identified as her estranged husband Bradley Skinner, 59. he broke into the house she shared with her mother around 6 p.m. police said he was armed with both a pistol and a large knife. officers say she armed herself with a shotgun then went into the garage, where he followed her and aimed his pistol at her. she then opened fire with a shotgun, hitting him in
15-month-old rescued orangutan Budi was introduced to jemmi less than a month ago. video footage captured at the international animal rescue's orangutan center in Indonesia, shows the duo throwing adoring glances at each other.
a video of a crocodile swimming through a marina has been viewed 500,000 times. the large crocodile had a dead pet dog between its jaws. the dog belonged to the owner of a bike shop in the tourist hotspot of Puerto Vallarta, in mexico.
Islamic teachings traditionally state that followers should use water to clean themselves after going to the toilet. the set of rules for how Muslims should relieve themselves, called the Qadaa al-Haajah, was established in the times before toilet paper or toilet seats were invented. men and women are also told not to stand while relieving themselves but to squat or sit.
measurements made by the european space probe Philae, which landed on comet 67P in November, show the comet's core isn't magnetised. some astrophysicists have suggested that magnetism might have been responsible for aligning and then binding together rocks during the early stages of planet formation.
teenagers were detained at their homes in coventry at 6am today. a 39-year-old man in coventry has also been held on suspicion of fundraising for the purpose of terrorism. all three are currently in custody in a west Midlands police station.
Sebastian Thrun, who founded the google x laboratory, said it was often difficult to grasp concepts before they come to fruition. he said that, much like data is now routinely transmitted via computers, the same may soon be true for full personalities. other upcoming inventions predicted by Thrun include flying cars, computers that are implantable into the human body, and medical treatments that will drastically curb unnatural deaths.
cate McGregor was surprised when she was unconditionally backed by the cricket community and the australian army. it took less than an hour for the federal liberal leader to call her after she forwarded the chapter of her book that outed her. but the senior military official did not express the same kind of appraisal when it came to the prime minister's stance on same-sex marriage.
hafeez batthi, 33, and his wife, Khalida, 26, were verbally abused on a train. the couple are a 'hardworking, honest and kind' parents of a baby boy. the couple were in australia for just a day when they were abused. the woman has not been identified despite the video of the attack going viral.
'transgender women in male prisons have an equal right to protection from violence and abuse in prison,' according to a joint statement the musicians released. last week, the us justice department said prison officials must treat an inmate’s gender identity condition just as they would treat any other medical or mental health condition. following a lawsuit from the southern poverty law center filed against Georgia department of corrections officials on behalf of transgender inmate Ashley diamond.
attorneys representing more than 8,000 women who were secretly recorded during pelvic exams by a gynecologist at Johns Hopkins will receive $32 million in legal fees. the sum, will be divided among patients of dr. Nikita levy, who secretly filmed and photographed thousands of women during gynecological exams at a Hopkins-affiliated clinic. the attorneys had originally asked for a 35 percent settlement fee, however the ruling by a Baltimore judge means they
the only child of Kim Kardashian and Kanye west wore a bright smile as she sat in her pram while her mother pushed them out of the airport. the family of three had arrived in paris after nori was baptised in Jerusalem.
people walking along somerton beach, southwest of Adelaide, found a deceased fully-clothed man lying on the shore on December 1, 1948. a post-mortem determined that the man had died of poisoning but police and coronial investigations were unable to identify the body. even a handwritten note found hidden in a man's trousers did not provide any clues to the identity of the body.
the new york wheel is set to break ground this week. it promises stunning panoramic views of the Manhattan skyline. one full cycle will take about 38 minutes to complete. a shopping mall and 200-room hotel are to be built next door.
scientists at massachusetts general hospital and Harvard medical school have developed a device that clips onto smartphones. it uses the powerful cameras available on most smartphones in combination with microbeads that bind to cancerous cells. when added to a tissue sample, these beads bind to any cancerous cells in the sample, changing the way light passes through it. using a smartphone app, these images can then be sent to a central computer for analysis and then the result returned in less than 45 minutes. the
former rescue pilot Jerry grayson travelled 23,000 miles to find every chopper he flew in during the 1970s. the 59-year-old was responsible for saving 15 yachtsmen during the doomed fastnet yacht race in 1979. he found that most of the helicopters had been blown up in target practice or turned into museum pieces. but he discovered that one chopper, a wessex mark 1, has been kitted out as a so-called 'glamp
Nyia parler, 41, has been hospitalized for undisclosed reasons in Maryland ever since her 21-year-old son was found in a pile of wet leaves in a park in Philadelphia. police believe the man had been left in the woods all week - with nothing but a bible and a blanket - and was exposed to the rain and cold. he was found next to his wheelchair. parler was initially charged with aggravated assault, kidnapping and neglect of
the box truck collided with a car on i-93 southbound in the city's Dorchester neighborhood at about 6am. both drivers were taken to hospital with non-life-threatening injuries. replacement shuttle buses were run for southbound passengers with long queues forming.
the prime minister made the gaffe on a campaign visit to the county. he ventured: 'when you are in devon you do the jam and the cream in a different order to cornwall, is that right?' he added: 'in devon it's... jam first and cream on top?' his comments were greeted with silence and stony faces.
Martin alvarado Jr., from Cicero, allegedly repeatedly hit his girlfriend's 18-month-old son.
Venessa was the international winner in the Tamblyn young model discovery contest. the 12-year-old was diagnosed with a rare form of bone cancer on January 5 after a nasty fall, which left her with pains in her leg. doctors discovered she had ewing's sarcoma as her discomfort continued. her parents, Kelly Harris and Karen monaghan, spent christmas at the family's windorah home, in central west Queensland.
Maureen Baker, 45, had 'dark thoughts' about committing suicide. she wanted to walk in front of a car so they could be reunited, court hears. 'if it was not for our son finley, i honestly believe that Maureen would not be here now,' says husband, paul. teenager, 19, jailed for four years after pleading guilty to causing death by dangerous driving and texting.
police say 55-year-old deanna rudison threw bleach in the faces of two teenagers at a gas station in the 3300 block of carondelet street. rudison's son, 27, was with her and allegedly took part in the attack on the two high school students. the mother turned herself in and was arrested on two counts of aggravated battery just hours after the incident.
the teenager ordered the deadly toxin off the 'dark web' earlier this month. he was unaware his online requests were being tracked by counter-terrorism officers who feared he was planning an attack. but he claimed he was attempting to buy the poison because he wanted to commit suicide and was sentenced to a 12 month referral order.
artist Kelsey higley, 22, used photoshop to show what her body might look like if it were digitally trimmed or augmented into various shapes. her work, which is part of a project, has been published on video-sharing site Vimeo. the project, entitled'manipulation', used 126 different images.
micha staunz, 45, has a 9 inch-long, 3.5 inch penis that now weighs between 7.5 – 9.5lbs, between 3 and 4.3kg, he claims. he had his penis permanently enlarged in this way, not because it makes him feel more beautiful, but because it makes him feel ‘better’. silicone implants provide no physical pleasure and actually make sex much more difficult for him - although it is not impossible.
man called 'Alex' posted a video on youtube in which he asked questions. asked'siri, gay clubs around me?' and 'how do you register a gay marriage?' he also asked'siri, gay clubs around me?' and was told 'i would have turned red if i could' apple said the responses were down to a 'bug' which it has fixed.
Ipsos mori interviewed almost 100 candidates from the major parties. not a single labour candidate mentioned the deficit as an important issue. 35 per cent of tories mentioned the deficit, 5% of lib dems and 9 per cent of the snp.
the anantara is part of the palm project and is like nowhere else. everything is so clean, luxurious and new - even the main tourist areas. the resort has three turquoise-blue 'lagoons' ideal for swimmers.
the prime minister said the london mayor had'suddenly realised' he and the pm were no longer in 'competition'. he named theresa may, Chancellor osborne and mayor as possible replacements when he stands down.
detective constable accused of spying on ex-partner 200 times over a year. court told 'large number' of photographs of his new partner found on her iPad. court told she also spied on PC Stuart swarbrick's girlfriend 50 times. but she maintains she was trying to ensure she did not confront her ex.
supermarket has published a list of tips on its staff website. tips include dancing in the store and running on the spot. industry insiders say it is part of a move to smarten up stores.
angela linton, 47, wrote the vile message after a row about a school outing. she was banned from the school and could only communicate via the assistant headteacher or in her son's pass book. she has been given a community order and fined £185 for harassing the victim.
duke of york has personally changed fate of 100 vulnerable young women. they have been taught tailoring and silk printing through charity. their kimonos, duster coats, pyjamas, scarves and make-up bags are sold. proceeds are paid back to the women as a salary.
landmark ruling means thousands of australians could be getting letters threatening legally action if they illegally downloaded and shared the film. but internet law experts say the company behind the letters will have a hard time following through on the threats. it is very difficult to prove who is legally responsible for the downloading. iiNet's former chief regulatory officer said the letter was not proof and it would be difficult for the film's studio to prove someone downloaded it.
chemistry lecturer suffers from the skin condition dermatographia. it is a type of urticaria, where a raised, itchy rash appears on the skin. it is thought to be caused when the cells under the surface of the skin release histamines as part of an allergic reaction, causing the skin to swell.
Tony struggled with his weight since childhood when his mother would bring back treats from the biscuit factory where she worked. at his largest he would avoid sitting in certain chairs in fear of breaking them or being unable to get back up. in three years he lost 21st and his wife Debbie, also 56, 8st. the pair have now shed a combined weight of 29 stone.
in 2018, the space agency will launch the Orion spacecraft using the largest, most powerful rocket booster ever built; the space launch system. tucked inside the stage adapter will be 11 self-contained small satellites, each about the size of a large shoebox. near-earth asteroid (NEA) Scout will fly by a small asteroid, taking pictures and making observations. bioSentinel will use yeast to detect, measure, and compare the impact of deep space radiation on living organism
the four trendy apartments are set to go under the hammer later this month. listing agents claim they are worth between $1.3 million and $1.5 million. realtors have been running VIP showings since construction wrapped up. the controversial pair made a return for 'the block' after winning only $10,000 on the 'glasshouse' auction day.
obesity levels were the main factor pushing the uk down the health rankings. overall, the UK came 11th in the table of countries with the highest standards of prosperity, health and tolerance. findings recorded by us analysts in a ‘social progress index’.
more than 200 members of check it, the only documented gang of gay and transgender youths in america, are the subjects of a new documentary. the film, also named check it, explains how many of the youths have been stabbed or shot at, while others have served time in juvenile prisons. but now, the 'tight-knit' gang members are fighting to break the cycle of poverty and violence that they have grown up in. they have set up their own clothing label
Michael Rapiejko was accused of approaching a man as he got out of his car in 2005, pointing a gun at him and threatening to shoot him. the plaintiff, Luis colon, also claimed that Rapiejko choked him and ordered that he get back into his car. the city settled with colon for $20,000 under the condition that he dismiss all other claims. this as Rapiejko, a cross fit devotee, is under fire for using possible excessive
woolworths launched 'fresh in our memories' campaign last week. it invited australians to upload images to remember those who fought for their country. the supermarket has since been forced to halt the campaign. it was branded 'disrespectful' and 'disgusting' by social media users.
a business called Edward’s snow den has appeared in the white house. it was listed as a snowboard shop, open between 5am and 11pm. it was created by security consultant Bryan seely.
the Merfin is a rubber monofin that mimics the experience of swimming like a mermaid. the novelty swimming product has taken off around the world. the 37-year-old designer Kazzie Mahina created the flippers in the shape of a mermaid tail.
binmen said bag of Walkers prawn cocktail crisps fell foul of recycling rules. enraged residents in farnham, Surrey, have branded waste collection squads 'little Hitlers' for enforcing recycling rules to the letter.
the men, named locally as michael Owen and Kyle careford, were killed in the early hours of sunday morning. mr Owen, 21, had just received news of a job offer and was preparing for his daughter's fifth birthday when he was killed. his grieving family have spoken of how loved he was and say they still can't accept he's gone.
Jenna was strangled to death by Philip packer in a jealous rage in 2008. her identical twin sister appeared on this morning to tell how she was stalked. Nikki, 27, wants to turn back the clock and save her sister's life. she wants to tell her sister she didn't have to 'put up' with his behaviour.
jasmine dinjar has posted provocative images of herself promoting cannabis. her partner in crime, conceptual artist Jesse willesee, was arrested on monday. he was arrested for smoking weed at Sydney town hall as part of the 420 campaign. jasmine posed topless in underwear with marijuana leaves emblazoned on it.
in his first six years, Obama held just seven state dinners. at least two more this year: for the leaders of japan, on April 28, and china, later in the year. the state department pays the entire tab, which averaged about $500,000 each for Obama's seven dinners.
asif bodi and abubakar bhula pictured praying at half-time at anfield. the extraordinary scene was captured on a mobile phone camera. it may be the first time that a late kick-off for the convenience of television has played havoc with the Muslim call to prayer.
study uncovered a link between belief in God and other societal characteristics, such as a strong social hierarchy. scientists suggest religious beliefs help people cope in inhospitable habitats. communities that believe in a high, controlling God or gods who enforce a moral code tend to live in politically complex groups.
tennis star will marry long-term girlfriend at Dunblane cathedral next week. the 27-year-old has left the majority of planning to his fiancee, miss sears. he has admitted he 'couldn't care less' about the finer details.
court documents reveal that the 44-year-old was charged with assault in 1990. but he managed to get the charges dismissed before he began his ascent to superstardom. hazing scandal at UT-austin saw him allegedly beat and drag pledge by his genitals. he then allegedly set fire to the pledge's pants and refused to let him pat the flames down, but instead made him blow them out.
the unnamed woman has been placed in an isolation ward at Canberra hospital. doctors and nurses are wearing full protective clothing. health officials say it's most unlikely she has the deadly virus. she worked at an Ebola treatment clinic in liberia before arriving in australia.
shelbie Brooke Richards, 21, was sentenced to eight years in prison on one count each of conspiracy to commit a hate crime and concealing the crime by lying to police. she and her friend, 22-year-old Sarah adelia graves, were riding in a truck that fatally ran over 47-year-old james Craig Anderson. both women read letters of apology to Anderson's bereaved family.
Katrina maddox, 23, gave birth on the way to hospital in the early hours of last week. her second baby boy came along on the same stretch of road two years ago. her first son, reuben, was delivered by his dad, Peter, in the back of the ambulance.
only 30 per cent of the population in the uk call themselves religious. this compares to 53 per cent who say they are not religious. at the bottom of the list was china, where 61 per cent are atheists.
Ben Cousins, 36, has been on bail and was due to face court on wednesday. his lawyer claimed the former west coast captain had conflicting medical appointments, and said he had a photograph of the document. the magistrate had ordered Cousins to produce written evidence of the conflicting appointments before 4pm or an arrest warrant would be issued.
British Airways has launched a mindfulness programme for long-haul flights. the airline tapped mindfulness expert mark Coleman to develop videos. Coleman recommends 'gently exercising' on board and eating lighter.
Somali-born author emigrated to the u.s. in 2006 after facing death threats in the Netherlands, where she had been a target for extremists. hirsi Ali has accused fellow liberals of failing to have a proper sense of perspective about life in the u.s. and for not being more critical of Islam. she said that the law in the u.s. and the fact that the majority of the population are accepting of differences make it easier for minority groups.
male model's crime was to ask his date to split the bill with him. action sparked a slew of furious responses on twitter. 'don't split the bill on your first date for crying out loud, chivalry is still a thing!' wrote one man.
some values prevalent in certain Asian communities 'totally unacceptable' comes after inquiries into sexual abuse of girls by Asian men.
'exclusive, yet affordable: stylish yet traditional' launches 'new born baby collection' includes boy's t-shirts and romper suits, and pretty smocked dresses. prince charles and duchess of cambridge expected to welcome second child.
the aspiring leader of the free world and her husband were spotted walking hand-in-hand in a park in their home town of Chappaqua, new york. they were wearing blue ball caps - Hillary's bearing the Clinton Foundation logo - and matching dark blue shirts. the campaign took the two armored Scooby vans to a local body shop for inspection.
high street chains calling time on promotions which fail to excite shoppers. experts claim prolonged sales can devalue products and encourage shoppers to delay buying an item until it is reduced. figures show a third of all fashion purchases are now made in a sale or promotion.
manager of the. rex cinema in Berkhamsted, hertfordshire, has cancelled the regular. Tuesday baby matinees due to a combination of 'whingeing, bitching, snitching and the law' the special screenings were introduced in 2007 after complaints over babies being allowed to all matinees.
three-year-old Mikaeel was killed by his mother, who beat him for being sick. she then left him to die in agony for three days before hiding body in suitcase. huge search led to body near Kirkcaldy in fife, sparking huge manhunt. nine council workers have now been sacked for inappropriately accessing files.
a train heading from queens into Manhattan was stalled underneath the east river around 8.30am. its conductor saw smoke coming from the board along the track's third rail. the train's 542 passengers were taken by a rescue train to grand central station. the last of the passengers were taken on to the new train around 10am. no injuries were reported beyond a woman who felt faint.
espresso maker is intended for astronaut Samantha cristoforetti of italy. it was supposed to arrive in January so she could get some relief from the station's instant coffee. but it ended up on the back burner after a shipment from virginia was lost in a launch explosion. on monday a version of the espresso maker is scheduled for launch aboard a supply capsule which will also include 4,000 pounds of food, science research and other equipment.
golden globe winner was one of seven Sigma nu brothers who tormented and humiliated the young man when he was a pledge at the university of Texas at Austin. Sanders suffered a fractured spine and nearly lost a kidney during the warped 1990 initiation. he withdrew from the university and sought counselling to cope with the shameful episode which resulted in a police inquiry.
a host of the nation’s favourite stars have been announced to perform at the event marking the 70th anniversary of VE day. it is set to be one of the highlights of a three-day commemoration of the end of the second world war, running from may 8 to may 10. other stars include boy band blue, pop star jamelia, pop star pixie lott, jazz vocalist Gregory porter and tenor alfie boe.
a truck carrying millions of bees overturned on a highway in washington state on friday morning. reporter Jeff dubois struggled to get through his report without swatting and waving his hands around as the bees buzzed around. cameraman Damien glitch was stung more than 20 times during the unexpectedly dangerous report. tens of white-suited bee-keepers rushed to recover as many of the insects as they could.
the queen was spotted riding her faithful black Fell pony, Carltonlima Emma. she was joined by Lord vestey and her head groom Terry pendry. the pair were seen in the park close to her Windsor castle home. on Thursday the monarch was seen trotting through the park with pendry.
the second season of the popular reality show, which premieres tonight on e!, features some of the world's most shocking plastic surgeries gone wrong.
Melbourne-born, Paris-based designer will refresh the uniforms worn by Qantas' domestic and international pilots. a key focus of the redesign will be the female uniform. CEO Alan Joyce said there are an increasing number of women joining the ranks of Qantas pilots.
cyclists swerve to avoid barriers as they come down to signal a train is passing. a policeman on a motorbike pulls up to take charge of the situation. three daredevils slip past him and onto the crossing - and seconds later a train rushes along the train tracks. the 254km race is known for its demanding route, including 27 cobbled sections and level crossings.
art director at saatchi & saatchi, matilda kahl, has worn the same outfit to work every day for three years. the outfit is made up of black trousers, white shirt and a custom leather rosette.
more than seven million episodes from seasons one to four illegally downloaded. figures revealed overall illegal downloading of show is up 45 per cent. top country for illegal downloads was Brazil, followed by the us, canada and uk.
models strutted down the runway in sheer creations by Marriam seddiq. one model paraded in a completely see-through mesh dress. another wore a waistcoat open to reveal her chest and stomach. racy creations abounded at the Raffles international show.
deputies responded to a call about a fight between Scott and another man. when deputies told the two to break it up, Scott began shouting obscenities at the other man as well as a deputy before shoving the officer. the disposition of the case was not immediately known. news comes as another excessive force complaint, as well as a lawsuit, is filed against Michael Slager stemming from his time on the north Charleston police department.
HSBC was criticised for refusing to grant the £250,000 loan. the husband would have been over 65 when the 18-year-deal finished. HSBC was ordered to pay £500 to the couple for their 'distress'
97-year-old has dementia and owns a £600,000 house in marlow, buckinghamshire. she also has savings and shares worth £100,000 and an income of around £1,200 a month. sisters agreed in 2007 to control her money and property if she became unable to do so herself. senior judge denzil lush said elder sister could be jailed for attempting to alter a legal document so she could gain greater control over her mother's money.
Django greenblatt-seay, 33, said he decided to make the video for the 2002 Ford taurus because he thought it would help spike people's interest. the video begins from far overhead, showcasing the silver car as just a speck among the vast expanse of trees at Hummel park in Omaha, Nebraska.
the 31-year-old walked hand-in-hand with her boyfriend of two years. the pair left a restaurant in Fulham hand-in-hand last night. reports earlier this year claimed the pair were on the verge of a split.
Jacob hall, from the u.s., asked australian redditors to record a message from the tooth fairy for his son, Evan. he invented the ruse that the fabled creature lived thousands of kilometres away Down Under for his son when he was late paying up. father-of-three Jeff Pyrotek, from seymour in victoria, uploaded his finished product on soundcloud.'my son woke up this morning and found a reply
Sister Gertrud Tiefenbacher's hands were tied with a typewriter cord. a towel was placed over a face, causing the victim to suffocate. a small sum of money - thought to be in euros - had been stolen from her room.
eland antelope gored five-year-old giraffe to death in unprovoked attack. around 30 people witnessed the unprovoked attack at Kristiansand zoo. giraffe was born at the zoo in 2010 and named in newspaper competition.
a 49-year-old woman was treated with a new drugs cocktail to treat melanoma. after just one dose of the drugs, her tumour 'dissolved away' doctors at the hospital in new york have hailed her recovery 'astonishing' they hope the new therapy could save thousands of lives in future.
lifestyle guru's image was used to illustrate a story about orthorexia nervosa – a condition defined by an obsession for eating ‘healthily’. Wilson's face was plastered on the article alongside controversial wellness blogger Belle Gibson and paleo diet preacher Pete Evans. former Cosmopolitan editor fumed: ‘is this how such things should be done?’.
xana Doyle, 19, was killed in a crash in the early hours of the morning. driver Sakhawat Ali, 23, was more than twice the drink-drive limit. he admitted causing death by dangerous driving and aggravated vehicle taking.
documents suggest methyl bromide may have been improperly applied in various locations in Puerto Rico. EPA regional administrator Judith enck said the agency and Puerto Rico's department of agriculture are investigating. enck said she is not aware of anyone sickened by methyl bromide in Puerto Rico. the chemical sickened a family of four from Wilmington, Delaware, last month in the U.S. Virgin islands.
vitamin and mineral supplements are becoming more and more popular. but do we really need to rely on pills to optimise our diet? nutritionist and author Sarah flower says that cooking with the right ingredients should give you all the goodness you need. 'the more colourful your plate, the healthier the meal,' she said.
Natalie's ankles were pulverised and her knee cap was smashed. she had several operations during a three-month hospital stay. the 26-year-old is now fighting to have the area closed off to the public.
mitya the bear was found abandoned outside a circus in Vladivostok. he was taken to sadgorod zoo where he joined two other bear cubs. two one-month-old twins were also found all alone in the wild.
Tittygram and Titisign offer to write on a woman's cleavage and take a photo. one big company has already used the service to advertise its whoppers.
the 42-year-old actress 'has never wanted to destroy her embryos' but has no plans to use them either, her lawyer said in a statement. a source close to the actress says she won't destroy the frozen embryos because she's afraid it would anger 'a lot of her fan base, which believes life is created at inception' a source close to the actress also claimed that she won't destroy the embryos because she's afraid it would anger 'a lot of her fan base
Iain mackay, 40, bled to death after injuring himself kicking a mirror. his girlfriend, 35-year-old Nilobon patty, has denied any involvement. she claims he got into a fight with her after seeing her with another man.
flight VS44 should have left McCarran airport at 4.30pm local time on easter monday. but a series of delays meant the 403 passengers did not get away until early on wednesday. some passengers are considering legal action against virgin.
james freedman, 49, has been giving pickpocket demonstrations for years. now he's exhibiting his'skills' on stage in a one-man show, called man of steal. in which he even takes off someone's tie without them realising.
police are hunting for a man who walked into a house in los angeles and shot a sleeping eight-year-old boy in the head, leaving him critically injured. the suspect, who is described as Hispanic, medium build and wearing a grey hoodie at the time, apparently had no motive for staging the attack. according to the victim's father, the attacker walked in through an unlocked front door around midnight and proceeded to fire shots after a heated conversation. the father
Alissa sizemore, from vernal, Utah, was only seven-years-old when a truck ran over her foot and immediately severed it. the dancer, who has been taking lessons since she was four, was determined to get back in the dance studio as soon as possible.
the female, named Varvara, swam 14,000 miles (22,500km) from the east coast of Russia to breeding grounds off the coast of mexico, and back. her return journey across the north Pacific raises questions about the critically endangered creature’s conservation status. experts used satellite-monitoring tags to track three western north Pacific gray whales from their primary feeding ground off Russia’s Sakhalin island. they found that Varvara visited the three major breeding areas for Eastern gray whales, which are
one nation leader described halal certification as a 'profit, money-making racket' she also said that the protests on Saturday were about 'criticism, not racism'
a Jakarta court is due to decide whether the pair’s lawyers can challenge the president’s decision to deny the two australians clemency. the unusual appeal in the state administrative court is likely the pair's last legal avenue to save them from the firing squad. the court in february rejected their legal challenge for clemency, determining the decrees by president Widodo were not within its jurisdiction.
Scott Kelley, now 50, and stepdaughter Mary nunes, now 19, gave surrendered at the u.s. embassy on monday and were flown back to hartsfield-jackson airport, where he was arrested. the pair fled new hampshire in 2004 along with genevieve Kelley, Mary's mother, during a custody dispute with mark nunes. genevieve, now 50, handed herself in last November, but refused to give up the location of her husband and
oversharing on social media could be dangerous for your child in the long run. ask yourself if all the people you're sharing your photos with really want to see them. don't take any digital photos of your children. use private social networks to share the pictures of your children.
Chloe Owens, 27, came up with the idea for bump 2 breast when she was pregnant with daughter lola, now three months old. says she struggled to remember which boob she had used last when breastfeeding so included a breast-tracking feature. the mobile app has already been downloaded 20,000 times and is getting rave reviews.
Hollie tillbrook, 17, collapsed in basildon's festival leisure park. her potassium levels had plummeted to such a low level that her heart stopped. two off-duty police officers rushed to her side and gave her life-saving CPR. she was then rushed to hospital, where she was put into an induced coma. but the teenager then made an unexpected recovery which stunned medics.
federal law enforcement officials say a right wing group has published the names, numbers and addresses of senior and former officials with several government agencies. along with a paranoid message proclaiming the officials to be 'NWO stooges,' the group, or possibly individual, released the info of employees of the CIA, FBI and DHS on the site Pastebin.com. the post claims to reveal the information of FBI Director James Comey and DHS Director Charles Johnson, in addition to previous directors.
lib dem leader blames 'virulently anti-conservative' protest voters who deserted party after it entered coalition. public sector workers left because their pensions were hit, he claims. but he says none of them had anything to do with his policy decisions.
police made grisly discovery on the outskirts of Milngavie, nine miles from the city. formal identification is yet to take place, but her family has been informed. police moved their search from a park in the city - where the nurse's handbag had been found - to a farm, graveyard and golf course near a rural road.
David Bulman, 55, and his wife had a row after he criticised her. she threw all his shirts outside but he followed her and shouted at her. he then pulled her hair and punched her several times in the face. neighbours called the police after he drove away, damaging a gate post. he was given a 12-month community order at Bristol crown court.
the Viva Las Vegas Rockabilly Weekend is a flashback to classic cars, vintage pinups, Tiki drinks, tattoos and a fashion aesthetic that balances high heels with just as high hair. around 20,000 fans of the era gathered over the weekend for musical performances and car show off the strip at the Orleans hotel and casino. 'it's good clean fun, with a hint of naughty,' said Tara O'Hara of Chicago.
more than 200 of the girls remain in captivity while scores of other children have gone missing since last year. children as young as four are being used within the ranks of. Boko Haram – as cooks, porters and look-outs. others are trained to fight, forced to be suicide bombers or sold as sex slaves.
screening system spots chemical signals in exhaled air linked to tumour development. by looking for distinctive ‘breath prints’, researchers were able to distinguish between patients at high and low risk of developing the disease. discovery is hoped to save thousands of lives.
Pierre Collins, 33, was arrested on suspicion of second-degree murder in the death of 10-year-old barway edward collins. he was placed in the back of a squad car in handcuffs and taken away from his apartment complex in crystal, minnesota. his wife, Yamah, was later escorted to an unmarked police vehicle and also driven away. the boy's body was found on Saturday around 1pm by searchers from a boy scou
a new reddit thread asking users to submit the most horrendous baby names they have ever come across has attracted more than 18,000 comments in just 24 hours.
IMF official reportedly admitted he cannot envisage a successful conclusion to the country's bailout. Greece this week repeated threats to stop paying off its loan and default on its debt if europe refuses to release more funds. this would make it harder for the country to remain in the eurozone.
the couple touched down in Brisbane, australia, on Tuesday morning local time. they were both wearing their wedding bands. the sighting comes just hours after people.com claimed they were 'leading separate lives' because they hadn't been photographed together.
'a few of the staff didn't want to come out to meet Hillary. they just don't like her,' explained a cashier at a local bakery. 'you may not agree with her. okay. but you should respect the office she's shooting for,' a co-worker offered. 'i'm going to take her home,' the former secretary of state joked. 'i'm going to take her home,' she said as she held an infant girl
Jaclyn Pfeiffer, 29, worked at the aloma Methodist early childhood learning center in orange county full-time for the last 18 months. her partner, Kelly bardier, 33, was recently employed as a part-time teacher. the director of the daycare heard rumors about the two and asked Pfeiffer whether she was seeing bardier. the church said they 'felt the need' to let both women go.
17-year-old was studying for her a levels when she fell ill just before christmas. she appeared fit and well days before returning home with the flu. four days later she returned feeling unwell and her condition worsened. she has been diagnosed with encephalitis, an inflammation of the brain. her family are now trying to teach her to walk and talk again.
he said the SNP would use any power they wield to foster division. mocked her over her demand to play a role in propping up a labour government. he said devolution to Scotland would make independence more likely.
picture is the first to emerge of the former beatle and Ms mills from their reception in 2002. it is a portent of the bitterness that would follow the wedding in 2002. in another never-before-seen picture, sir Paul acts out a mock striptease in front of his delighted bride.
little Chloe Valentine died of massive head injuries after being forced to ride a motorbike that repeatedly crashed in her backyard. her drug-addicted mother and violent partner are in jail after pleading guilty to her manslaughter through criminal neglect. in a scathing verdict, the coroner found social workers 'flagrantly disregarded' their legal responsibilities to seize children from neglectful parents.
martyn uzzell, 51, was cycling from land's end to john o'groats when he died. experienced cyclist was thrown into path of car by four-inch deep pothole. a month before tragedy, council sent workers to inspect the hole. but it was decided that immediate repairs were not necessary. his widow has now reached an out of court settlement with north yorkshire council. but the local authority is still refusing to apologise for the state
Scott Stephenson is due to be jailed for stealing a phone from a man he found collapsed in the street in south Shields, tyne and wear. the 19-year-old rifled through his 22-year-old victim's pockets and made off with the iphone 4. he shouted and swore outside court after he was re-bailed for sentence following his failure to turn up to a previous hearing.
lib dem leader is touring the country in a bright yellow election battlebus. strategists admit they struggle to compete in the 'air war' with the tories. but they believe his enthusiasm for getting out and meeting people is paying off.
landmark report claims to have established which diets work. very few of these - often very expensive - plans have solid evidence to back up their claims. only a few programmes have shown users lose more weight than those not using them.
a spring storm that had doused northern california for the previous 24 hours arrived in southern california on tuesday night. Thousands were without power for several hours because of the storm, and the los angeles dodgers had a rare rain delay on the second day of the season. the unusually cold spring storm brought heavy rain and hail to parts of northern california and coated the mountains in snow.
driver mathew sitko, 23, crashed through a yard and over two terraces before getting snared in a chain-link fence. the fence is the only reason the car did not topple over into the canyon. a passer-by arrived at the scene and grabbed a rock and smashed the window. he dragged sitko further up to safety, where police and paramedics arrived shortly after. sitko is recovering in hospital from minor
swarm of spiderbots can be controlled with a flick of the wrist. powered by a computer the size of a button called curie.
flurry of bets have propelled her to the top spot for the now-vacant position. she is evens ahead of former x-factor presenter dermot o'leary and model jodie kidd.
former tory leader says labour is 'peddling lies' about the party's record. calls on fellow tories to 'bang the drum' in next fortnight to champion achievements. hails'staggering' increase in employment, now at a record high.
the 34-year-old has expanded her popular range of plus-size clothing for Evans. new additions include brightly coloured swing tops and blouses.
lipscomb police chief Warren carey was trying to arrest mayor Lance McDade when the fight broke out on friday, according to a city clerk. carey was later spotted 'hobbling' into his office with an injured leg before he was transported to the hospital. McDade is currently in jail for resisting arrest and assaulting a police officer.
new figures show 238m passengers passed through uk airports in 2014. this is just three million less than the pre-recession peak of 241m in 2007. most passengers (144m) fly to Europe which enjoyed a 5.4% rise year on year. the united arab Emirates also ranks in the top 10 countries fly to.
one in four Britons will be from black or minority groups by 2051. huge rise will be due to a baby boom among Pakistani, Bangladeshi and african immigrants. campaigners fear this sudden increase will put pressure on housing, schools and the NHS.
Sophie Thomas, an eighth grader at the school in batavia, wore the shirt in march when she was having her picture taken. when the students got their class photos this week, she saw the word had been removed from her shirt with Photoshop. school principal said the word was removed to 'prevent any unintended controversies' the superintendent of the school district said the situation was 'blown out of proportion'
two teenagers remain in custody following raids in Melbourne's south-east. prime minister Tony Abbott has urged people to continue with their plans. he said there would be a strong police presence across australia.
Violet, Countess of grantham may be coming back in the new american show. made by the us network NBC, the show will be set in the late 19th century. it will focus on the robber barons and get-rich-quick industrialists.
1921 application form to join racist ku klux Klan organisation has emerged. form asks 'are you of the white race or of a colored race?' also asks 'are you gentile or jew?' and 'do you believe in white supremacy?' form was purchased at an ephemera show by rare book dealer Ian brabner.
the 40-year-old actor bought the 104-acre blackadore caye off the coast of Belize in 2005 for $1.75 million. he recently teamed up with developer delos to create the eco-conscious resort, with plans to open in 2018. the aim of the project is to rehabilitate the ecosystem of the area, which has endured deterioration from over-fishing, deforestation and an eroding coastline.
Rachel Lynn lehnardt, 35, from Evans, was spotted outside her house wearing a hooded jacket and workout clothes on wednesday. she was arrested on Saturday night and has been charged with two counts of contributing to the delinquency of a minor. the mother-of-five allegedly threw a party for her teenage daughter and her daughter's friends last friday. she allegedly played naked Twister with the teens before she had sex with an 18
Oleg kalashnikov was found dead in his home in Kiev on tuesday evening. the 52-year-old was a former ally of deposed president viktor Yanukovych. he was a deputy for the party of regions in the previous parliament.
the maglev train completed a test run on a track in Yamanashi, japan. it beat the previous record of 361mph (580km/h) set in 2003. another attempt is scheduled for tomorrow, and engineers predict it could reach 373mph (600km/h) maglev trains use magnets to lift the carriages above the track. this eliminates the need for wheels and therefore any incidence of friction, providing a faster and quieter service.
tennis star Andy Murray will marry his sweetheart in his hometown of Dunblane. a quarter of all marriages in Scotland involved couples from outside the country. southwest england was a close second, boasting 5.40 marriages per 1,000.
militants have seized control of Yarmouk camp in south damascus, it is claimed. posted gruesome images showing severed heads of two alleged leaders online. like ISIS, the Palestinian group has declared Israel its sworn enemy. presence in Yarmouk has until now been to defend camp's 18,000 residents.
the proposed meeting will be the first time the cable companies have met with regulators since announcing their proposed deal a year ago. staffers at both the justice department and the federal. communications commission remain concerned the combined company. would have too much power in the internet broadband market.
the best steaks are one to 1.5-inches thick as a thinner cut is likely to get dry quicker. season before or after, oil the pan or the meat and what are the best cuts?
83 per cent of women in australia rate themselves as average looking. around the world just four per cent think they're worthy of the glowing epithet. a staggering 96 per cent of women around the world describe themselves as average.
officers found boxes containing frozen carcasses of dozens of dogs. canines were used for fillings of 'pastels', a traditional Brazilian stuffed pastry which is deep-fried and normally made with ground beef. owner Chinese van Ruilonc admitted to making the snacks from dog meat.
Billy Mitchell, seven, was born with a rare genetic condition called apert syndrome. it causes malformations of the skull, face, hands and feet. he endured a series of major operations to correct the deformities. these included a procedure to crack open and reshape his skull. he also had a titanium frame drilled into his head, which was left there for nine weeks. surgeries carried risks including meningitis, brain damage and stroke. but his
robbers almost certainly had inside information because they appeared to know that several CCTV cameras in the building where his firm is based were not working. robbers forced their way into 72 safe deposit boxes during the Easter holiday.
being socially isolated can be as harmful as smoking 15 cigarettes a day. being lonely can lead to increased risk of dementia and high blood pressure. two county councils, Essex and Gloucestershire, have already implemented maps.
the 47-year-old man from warwick, 150km south-west of Brisbane, has been charged with 145 child exploitation offences. he is accused of raping five children and involving 20 more in the making of child pornography. police allege the man used a range of social media sites to prey on children under the age of 16 and in some cases arranged meetings so he could physically abuse them.
parents will no longer be able to access childcare benefits simply by signing a form that says they object to immunisation based on 'personal, philosophical or religious' reasons. parents who refuse to immunised their children are set to lose up to $15,000 a year for every child when the changes come into force from January 1, 2016. families who do vaccinate their kids are eligible for the $7,500-a-year childcare rebate, $200-a-week childcare benefit.
38-year-old'serial bride' pleaded not guilty to charges that she married 10 men over 11 years and charged a fee for her'services' on friday. just hours after leaving court she allegedly used an emergency exit door at a Bronx subway station instead of paying for a metro card. this is shortly after she pleaded not guilty to marrying numerous men, some of whom could pose a threat to american safety, say investigators. one of the men 38
former animal shelter worker Catherine Lynn smith, 50, was arrested after the bodies of 10 dogs and three cats were found decomposing in her home. the 50-year-old's home in macon, georgia, had been auctioned off, and a new homeowner found a dead dog in the doorway. police had to completely air out the home, which stenched of ammonia, before proceeding inside to find the decaying bodies of nine more dogs and three cats. it was also revealed that
a judicial committee found Alpha delta responsible for causing harm to pledges and violating terms of a suspension for alcohol violations. the fraternity has until next Monday to appeal the decision.
planes coming from south-east asia are routinely fumigated before luggage is removed. the blood suckers were discovered in the international baggage terminal on February 17, March 30 and again on march 31. authorities said if the troublesome mosquitoes hadn't been detected they could have become a serious threat.
Waheed Ahmed, 21, is said to be a member of the extremist group hizb ut-tahrir. it advocates a global Muslim caliphate, similar to one established by isis. he was arrested by Turkish police at the border town of reyhanli last week. he was one of a group of nine detained, all from Rochdale.
three thieves 'appeared from nowhere' and smashed a rear window of the car. heist took place in the Landy tunnel, which is notorious for smash-and-grabs. victim was on her way to loan some of the jewels to the museum.
italian musician Andrea furlan was captured on camera in Stratford. he holds a ‘butterfly landscape’ designed instrument to his mouth. the herd stand and enjoy the music for some time while he plays.
the minister for communications is set to feature on the front cover. in an eight page interview he confirmed rumours that he had planned to run for prime minister if Tony Abbott had been successfully toppled in February's leadership spill. 'people would have been astonished if I hadn't,' he told the magazine.
Ronald and miriam Pearson met at an evening dance during the war. they married in 1943 and settled in Broughton near Chester. after almost 72 years together, Mrs Pearson, 95, died last month. her husband followed two days later aged 94.
stephanie scott, 26, was due to marry her partner of five years, Aaron Leeson-woolley, in front of 120 guests on saturday. she vanished on Easter Sunday while excitedly making final preparations for the wedding. police have charged a man with her murder despite not having found her body. her sisters posted desperate Facebook messages asking friends and strangers if anyone had seen her.
labour leader declines several chances to say deputy would get job if he gets to number 10. snub comes just three days after miss Harman made clear she intended to take role were labour to make it back into power. miss Harman previously suggested that Gordon brown's refusal in 2007 to make her Deputy PM was sexist.
nationwide building society is giving pensioners chance to take out loan. offer comes as pension reforms give over-55s access to billions of pounds. over-55s can withdraw from pension pots and spend as they like. tens of thousands of savers being tempted to put money into property.
student says traditional means of earning failed to cover the cost of living in london. she turned to prostitution after her student loan failed to cover rent. the second year history and politics student even visited clients at their workplace.
Patrick and marianne Charles, 78 and 74, were without heating during blackout. they sat down in conservatory with a glass of wine each and lit a barbecue. within minutes the couple were unconscious after choking on the fumes. they lay dead at their home in eastbourne for 16 days before son found them. maintenance work by UK power networks caused the power cut.
the 6-foot-5 and 289lb defensive end recorded more than 20 sacks and forced four fumbles for the texans last season. on monday he released a video that shows him making an incredible 61-inch vertical leap. the standing box jump - a popular crossfit workout move - is billed as a personal best.
Nigel farage risked alienating those watching at central hall in london. protested they were'remarkable audience even by left-wing standards' outburst came less than half an hour into event at Westminster.
burlesque performer lillian bustle, from new jersey, explained in her TED talk that 'fat' is just another word - and shouldn't be used as a synonym for 'ugly'
Perth were found guilty of rorting the salary cap over the previous three years. the club were fined $269,000 and relegated to seventh spot on the table. fans set off a series of flares, unimpressed by attempts by officials to placate them.
the so-called golden state is increasingly turning a dirty brown colour due to a devastating drought that is in its fourth year. domestic water consumption is dwarfed by that of agriculture. almonds guzzle water on a monumental scale - it takes 1.1 gallons to grow a single almond.
the error was spotted during a training course in hamble near Southampton. two officers have decided to continue wearing the tops with the mistake on the left sleeve to 'boost morale' within the force.
more than one million people have already booked their slots to see the piece of linen between now and June 24. the shroud has been dated to the end of the 13th century, lending support to those who say it is a medieval forgery. the church does not officially maintain that Christ's body was wrapped in the shroud or that any miracles were involved in the creation.
in an interview with CBS this morning on Thursday, senator said she doesn't believe convicted bomber dzhokhar tsarnaev should be executed.'my heart goes out to the families here but I don't support the death penalty. I think that he should spend his life in jail - no possibility of parole - he should die in prison,' she said. the 21-year-old was found guilty on all 30 charges related to the bombings which killed three and injured
men, women and children boarded flight from kansas city to detroit. took just an hour and a half to get to unscheduled stop at Colorado Springs. but then languished for another six hours, before everybody was ordered off. according to local news station, virtually everyone chose to stay on plane.
Louise Smith, 38, has been convicted of fraud and is now on the run. she was eating dinner with the child and a man in the crown and thistle pub. CCTV footage showed her standing over the girl and pulling hairs from her head. but in reality she did not have enough money to pay for the £21 dinner.
migrant workers producing vegetables exported to britain denied basic hygiene facilities and forced to use bushes near where vegetables are being grown as toilets. some live in filthy shacks made of wood and plastic sheeting near fields in southern spain. claim they are treated like slaves by agencies who hire them.
the family had left a waterfront restaurant when their sedan ran off the road alongside a working dock at the port of los angeles, landing upside down in about 30 feet of water. the boy's parents swam to the surface, but the children were stuck in the vehicle and weren't breathing when rescuers brought them up. coroner investigator Joseph Cronin tells city news service that the eight-year-old boy died at the hospital several hours later.
the Marshall county board voted last week to send a bill for $76,000 to the former us rep who resigned last month amid an expenses scandal. the letter seeks a check or a promise from Schock that he will pay for this summer's special and general election costs. county officials estimate each will run about $38,000.
Tate ricks, nine, was reportedly fishing with his grandmother's boyfriend when their boat was hit by a wake causing the boat to capsize. he immediately went under water in the river and the unidentified man with him attempted to save him but could not. on sunday, officials said they were using sonar and thermal imaging in the water and on the coastline in efforts to rescue the boy.
business mogul insisted that it's time to cut out expensive and needless middle management. he warned that this increase in middle management is driving up the cost of higher education.
the former secretary of state is set to announce her intentions via social media at noon on sunday. she and one of her advisers decide to record a cellphone video for her campaign launch in a bid to make her come across as soft and approachable. during the scene, which includes a cameo from her husband bill, they insist her second run at the white house will be about the people and not centered around her.
leah Rogers and Ryan flanaghan picked up purple teddy for £10 at car boot sale. they later found out it was one of just 100 made around the world. the pair are now hoping to sell the bear on ebay and put the money towards a deposit for a house.
a bill that hit the governor's desk last week would make it illegal for welfare recipients to spend their money on alcohol, tobacco and pornography. swimming pools, jewelry and lingerie stores, movie theatres, nail salons, massage parlors, bars and theme parks will also be forbidden territory for the first time. the bill would also give the force of state law to some of governor's policies, including one that requires 'temporary cash assistance' recipients to hold down jobs, look for work or enroll in
firm linked to sale of NHS patient data is offering details of eating disorder sufferers. it has also offered names of those suffering from stress, hair loss, dandruff, impotence and snoring. even details of dieters and those who have had plastic surgery appear on the list of data for sale. a whistleblower said it was ‘madness’ that so much personal information was available to him and he had passed it to the mail because he was worried about who else might have access to
the CN tower in Toronto is the third tallest building in the world at 1,815ft. visitors can walk on a glass floor or hang over the edge of the main observation pod while tethered to an overhead rail system. visitors to the grand canyon can hike more than two miles to reach the rim.
Raymond Charles laing has spent the past three years behind bars. he was busted more than three times over the legal limit behind the wheel. laing was earlier jailed for two-and-a-half years for drink-driving, assault and dangerous driving causing injury in 2010.
Shannah Kennedy and Lyndall Mitchell are taking their masterclass of wellness: the boardroom retreat to CEOs and executives across australia. skills such as dealing with stress, being aware of trains of thought, and accumulative mindfulness are being taught. the workshop is a way for executives and their staff to learn a set of skills that will help them every day.
the bodies of three women and two women were discovered in a northern suburb of Phoenix, Arizona on Thursday afternoon. police believe that 50-year-old Driss Diaeddinn bought a semi-automatic handgun and shot his brothers, 38-year-old reda Diaeddinn and 56-year-old dodi Fayed, and their mother, 76-year-old Kenza Benzakour. he then is believed to have gone upstairs to shoot dead his sister-in-
'why don't we let me explain instead of talking over me, OK?' he griped. 'listen, you've editorialized,' he blasted at NBC host Savannah Guthrie. 'he's got miles to go before his ability catches up to his ambition,' liberal spokesman Ben Ray said. 'he's got miles to go before his ability catches up to his ambition,' he added.
the 62-year-old economist has been speaking about life post prison and how she's handled a stellar, if not tumultuous, career while raising her brood. she says that her advice to women would be to 'be as independent as you possibly can' admits to not knowing the names of her children's friends while they were growing up and would often be late for parties.
the 17,000-square-foot estate in vail, colorado, was built in 2008 using materials brought over from trips to italy. it has seven bedrooms, seven full bathrooms, three half bathrooms, an elevator, a billiard room, a gym, an indoor basketball court and a home theater. the home is known as 'Il podere' - which means 'family homestead' in the Tuscan region.
Taylor alesana of fallbrook, california took her own life on April 2 after being bullied at school because she was transgender. the 16-year-old had a popular YouTube channel in which she discussed her struggles and the bullying she faced. the North County LGBTQ Resource center said she did not have the support she needed from her school and adults, and sometimes was forced to dress as a boy.
documents reveal shocking details of the case that saw a couple return to australia with a baby girl while leaving her twin brother behind. staff at the Australian high commission in india were aware the couple was from new south wales, where it is illegal to enter into international surrogacy arrangements. the couple reportedly told staff they would be leaving her twin brother behind because they could not afford him.
13-year-old Stephanie wanted to give her father a visual note of how much she missed him while he was away in space. she enlisted the help of car manufacturer Hyundai to make the earth drawing, that has now broken a world record for its size. 11 cars wrote the message on the land in Nevada’s Delamar dry lake using coordinates and a helicopter.
more than 70 animals have been seized from a filthy mobile home in arizona. police found 54 dogs and 18 cats living in disgusting conditions. footage of the raid showed the animals clambering across the furniture. one of the cats was found nursing a set of three young Chihuahua puppies. the 71-year-old was banned from keeping pets until may 2015. he will be charged with 72 counts of failure to provide shelter.
Louisa steckenreuter, 35, was diagnosed with osteosarcoma, a rare form of cancer last year. the mother-of-two has undergone eight rounds of intravenous chemotherapy, which made her very unwell. now she is desperately trying to raise $100,000 for a potentially life-saving treatment which could buy her more time with her family. the drug, called keytruda, works differently to chemotherapy, which attacks all the cells in the system, even healthy ones.
Kathy ferreiro, 21, has been dubbed the 'cuban Kim Kardashian' on social media. her instagram and twitter accounts are attracting new followers daily. the bikini-loving babe says her curves are '100 per cent real'
Shah jahah Khan, 62, and Muslim convert Ibrahim Anderson, 38, both from london, each deny one charge of inviting support for a banned organisation. court heard that the charge relates to an offence on august 9 last year, when the pair are alleged to have handed out leaflets about ISIS.
Michael easy, 29, went on the run after attacking a woman at a party. while on the run, he posted photos on facebook posing in wig and sunglasses. image showed him pressing his finger to his lips - taunting police. officers eventually found him and he was jailed for 15 months. but he went on the run again in december last year upon his release. officers arrested him and he is now facing four months in jail for breaching a res
Doug Hughes, 61, landed his gyro-copter on the west lawn of the capitol on Wednesday afternoon causing a major security scare. 'had it gotten any closer to the speaker's balcony they have long guns to take it down, but it didn't. it landed right in front,' said congressional chairman michael McCaul. however, Hughes claims he informed the secret service and Capitol police of his potentially lethal stunt into the no-fly zone
restaurant critic and festival curator leo Schofield, 79, claims living in Tasmania was the unhappiest time of his life. the decade he spent there left him feeling bitter and depressed. he moved back to new south wales after the Tasmanian government cut the festivals funding by 25 per cent.
the former Obama administration official endorsed gay marriage in 2013 after she left the state department. in a terse interview with NPR last year in which she declined to go into detail about her views on the topic, she repeated that position. now a presidential candidate, Clinton today gave same-sex marriage her complete backing ahead of the presentation later this month of oral arguments in several cases before the Supreme Court on the matter.
Todd Larson, 55, said a chunk of ice fell from a plane smashing through the windshield of his dodge challenger parked at his home in Taylorsville, utah. he said the ice chunk missed going through his roof by only inches and if he had stayed in the car and answered by son's message about picking him up, that piece of ice would have gone right through my chest. he said the FAA did an investigation and found an aircraft that matched within
italian astronaut Samantha cristoforetti wore the uniform on friday. together with Nasa astronaut Terry Virts she captured the spacecraft. on board it had 4,000lbs of supplies - including a coffee machine. it will remain at the ISS for a month before returning to Earth. 'there’s coffee in that nebula”... ehm, I mean... in that #Dragon,’ she tweeted.
the eight-year-old girl has been named as Piper by 9news. she was in the car with her mother, Chantelle boddy, and two brothers. it is believed their Holden Astra aqua-planed, spun out of control and ended up on the other side of the road. her grandmother, Helen boddy, was also in the vehicle at the time. warwick milham arrived at the scene after hearing his wife, Glenda, and daughter, Michelle, were involved in the crash
Nigel jackson, 59, is accused of murdering his wife in the algarve. at the time he denied killing her, saying she had killed herself. but now he says she must have been killed during a bungled burglary. he admits to burying her body in the garden but denies killing her.
money amounts to a massive public subsidy for the companies involved. it is paid to some 5.2million workers in the form of tax credits and other benefits. campaigners say figures shine a light on how companies are relying on taxpayer.
new research focused on POMC neurons, which are a structure called the hypothalamus, that send and receive signals to regulate appetite. when POMC neurons are absent, or not working properly, animals and humans grow dangerously obese. researchers looked at how a protein called a transcription factor, and two small stretches of DNA called enhancers, act as triggers for the gene.
the 76-sq ft hideaway is based near the tiny Hampshire hamlet of newgrounds, near godshill. it is made entirely from timber imported from Norway and has 141,000 acres of forest surrounding it. for the same amount, buyers could own a three-bedroom grade II-listed former school house just a few miles down the road.
the septum ring is a body piercing that pierces the wall between the nostrils. stars including lady gaga, rihanna and fka twigs have been wearing it. the septum ring isn't a new trend - it was a coming-of-age ritual for tribes.
the number of jobless americans in their 20s armed with a four-year or advanced degree rose to 12.4per cent last year from 10.9per cent in 2013. despite the recent news, in a survey of employers last fall, the employment center found that hiring of graduates will rise 16per cent this year. overall, the united states generated 3.1 million jobs last year, the most since 1999.
lib dem leader wants existing phone appointments extended so doctors can see patients on video calls. some patients would be uncomfortable with the prospect of exposing their ailments to their GP over the web. officials stressed that people would not be forced to use the service.
soloman bygraves, 29, robbing 93-year-old Stanley Evans for £5. he knocked him to the ground in the entrance to his block of flats in central london. pensioner was left lying on the floor for ten minutes after the attack on January 31. bygraves was sentenced to 30 months in prison at southwark crown court. homeless thug has 21 convictions for 49 offences.
Jacob church, 21, and Joe tobin, 29, locked in airtight vault for six hours. pair only met earlier that night at an art exhibition at a former bank building. they were fed water through a tube to prevent them becoming dehydrated. eventually fire crews were able to cut through the thick concrete walls.
Shayna hubers, 24, is on trial in the shooting death of 29-year-old lawyer boyfriend, 29-year-old Ryan poston. she claims she was acting in self-defense because the young attorney was shoving and hitting her. jurors were shown a video of the defendant's interview with police following the slaying. she told a detective she shot poston'so that he wouldn't suffer' and that she gave him the 'nose job he wanted
Patricia Jannuzzi was put on administrative leave last month and was asked to disable her facebook page when her comments drew wide publicity. another one of Jannuzzi's posts compared a lesbian relationship to news of Egyptian men being beheaded. a letter was sent on Friday to faculty and staff members at Immaculata high school in somerville saying Jannuzzi had been reinstated.
Shane and jaimie O'Byrne received fine after taking baby out for first time. in process of getting out of car ticket fell on floor just underneath driver's seat. couple explained to authorities but were not let off with £2.20 penalty. row escalated from initial £25 fine to bailiffs demanding £400 fine. council insist they followed correct procedures and made 'appropriate decision'
the queen's cousin, 79, injured himself at the balmoral estate on saturday. he was taken to Aberdeen royal infirmary and treated for dislocated hip. today he was seen leaving hospital with walking stick and being discharged.
Jarrett Stoll, 32, was arrested on suspicion of possession of cocaine and MDMA at the wet republic pool at the MGM grand hotel on friday. he is the longtime boyfriend of dancing with the stars host and former ESPN employee, erin Andrews, 36. the charges include possession of Class 1, 2, 3 and 4 controlled substances, including cocaine and ecstasy. in 2013 he was rushed to the hospital after having a seizure at his home in hermos
Loretta reinholdt, 54, and Andy wasinger, 46, were on a trip from Belize to the Honduran island of Roatan when they were attacked. four men with guns and knives boarded the sailboat and demanded money before pushing it to the shoreline of a remote beach. the pirates cut the main sail and tore out the engine wire, leaving the couple and captain stranded for four days. the couple and captain made SOS messages with branches along a park trail,
the boy, known only as hanghang, was using the old handset as an alarm. it exploded in his face, exposing part of his jawbone and embedding fragments in his arms and legs. he didn't dare tell his parents and called the ambulance service himself.
two men raided an Esso filling station in town end, caterham, on wednesday. the men stripped off their tops before forcing their way into the manager's office. they were disturbed by a member of staff and fled with a mobile phone. a third man, aged in his 20s, was arrested and released on bail.
Phillip Pama, 28, has been charged with manslaughter after allegedly killing his neighbour Leon Yeaman, 55, during a row in front of their north Brisbane homes. the case is due to return to court on may 18. Pama shielded his face from reporters outside Brisbane Magistrate Courts when he was granted bail on Friday.
never-before-seen images were taken by reverend charles martin king parsons. he was one of a handful of chaplains who helped liberate the camp. huts once contained the bodies of 50,000 Jews, Gypsies, homosexuals and the disabled, sent to an inhuman death by the nazis.
Lisa McElroy, a 50-year-old law professor from philadelphia, appeared on the game show in 2010 while it was still hosted by Meredith vieira. she's accused of sending students a link to a pornographic website under the subject line: 'great article on writing briefs' when recipients opened the enclosed link, they were directed to a video of 'a woman engaging in a sexually explicit act'
a monster fresh water crocodile has been caught devouring a one metre long lizard in one bite at a river in northern territory. fishing guide Carol Gleeson watched as the hungry fresh water crocodile swallowed the water monitor whole. the incident comes just a month after a 4.38 metre croc was caught last month after it had been eating dogs and threatening locals.
a car crashed through a fence and into the bedroom of a geelong house. the driver was left bloodied after a man who was inside the home at the time of the crash allegedly hit him with a broken fence paling. the four-month-old girl was airlifted to the royal children's hospital in Melbourne where she remains in an induced coma with life-threatening head injuries. her parents, who are in their 20s and were in the room at the time, are
bishop Robert fin, 62, pleaded guilty to failing to report a priest who was a suspected child abuser. he offered his resignation under the code of canon law that allows bishops to resign early for illness or some 'grave' reason. but children's rights advocates are urging Pope Francis to do much more to deal with clergy who become embroiled in child sex scandals.
village of Cledford in cheshire has vehemently opposed the plans saying travellers could 'intimidate' nearby pensioners. mansion's Grade-ii listed adjoining barn will be converted into 'washing and toilet' facilities. residents fear their picturesque cottages will be left worthless as they contemplate selling up and leaving the area.
brothers from port canaveral, florida, have designed and built a fleet of movie-inspired vehicles. they include lifelike versions of Batman's Tumbler from the dark knight film trilogy and the much-loved Ghostbusters car. they have even made an Optimus prime truck, based on the most recent Transformers movie, as well as a tron-inspired motorbike.
the 55-year-old former white house chief of staff was forced to campaign furiously across the city to beat challenger Jesus 'Chuy' Garcia. the mayoral runoff was the first since the city changed the way it conducts elections about 20 years ago. 'to all the little boys and girls watching: we didn't lose today, we tried,' said Garcia.
Rachel sandridge was due to undergo the surgery after her weight reached 430lbs. during the prep her doctor was concerned at signs of inflammation and took a biopsy. she was then told cancer had been found in her stomach. the 29-year-old is now cancer-free and has dropped her weight from about 430lbs to about 288lbs.
the family were escorted out of the church by a priest. the 22-month-old was dressed in a white gown and her father was wearing the same colour. the family dined with Jerusalem mayor Nir barkat.
farmers in country australia are renting their empty properties for $1 a week in an attempt to attract young families from the big smoke. residents of rural towns like cumnock, Errowanbang and molong in NSW and wicheproof in victoria hope the bargain rentals will entice families with young children. they hope the families will populate their schools, save the local bus run and keep businesses open.
fiancee of fusilier Lee Rigby has found happiness with an army major. aimee west, 24, is said to be in a relationship with major Paul draper. major draper was a mourner at her fiance's funeral two years ago. major draper's ex-wife said she was not surprised by his new relationship.
five firefighters and one's girlfriend, who is suspected of videoing the attack at emergency service district 6 volunteer fire department in waxahachie, were taken in to custody earlier this week on sexual assault charges. chief gavin satterfield, 31, and assistant fire chief Billy getzendaner, 34, were suspended by the department's oversight board following the arrests on Thursday. the victim came forward in late march to report the alleged attack, which he claims took place in January.
cosmetologist dr. Fredric brandt killed himself on sunday. friends say he was offended by resemblance to him in new tv show. but another friend insists he 'laughed it off' and never thought it was fun. comes weeks after the launch of the unbreakable kimmy Schmidt. in it, Martin short plays a caricatured cosmetologist with fillers in his face.
Agnese Klavina, 30, vanished after being driven away from aqwa mist. older sister made tearful video appeal for information on her whereabouts. property developer's son and pal summoned to court in nearby marbella.
single-serve coffee capsules in 2014 hit over $3 billion in us sales, it's been revealed. the finding was unveiled in a CBS news report on one such company, the Vermont-based Keurig green mountain. chief technology officer Kevin Sullivan said the appeal of his company's single-serve coffee machine is that users can 'just close the handle and touch a button, and away it goes'
a new principle would ensure decisions by Holyrood do not have an ‘unforeseen detrimental effect’ for people south of the border. new powers for the Scottish parliament mean it ‘can now have a big impact on your job, your income, and investment in your area’. there has been growing resentment at the ‘apartheid’ between those living north and south of the border in areas such as healthcare and university fees.
Piper, 8, and William, 9, died in a head-on crash on the NSW central coast. their grandmother, Helen boddy, 54, was driving the car when it aqua-planed and swerved into the path of an oncoming ute. a relative posted a heartbreaking photo of William with his arm around Piper looking out at the blue water. more than $32,000 has already been raised online to help the devastated family after a gofundme page was set up.
a man stormed the runway at the opening show of mbfw australia on sunday night. he was pictured covering his ears, wagging his finger, and shouting at a security guard who escorted him from the runway. hardcore electronic music with a heavy bass line boomed throughout the space for the duration of the 15-minute show. the man was overheard complaining that show organisers had 'no respect for the local community'
profile apparently matching that of'shameless liar' Andrew o'clee, 36, spotted. he claimed to be 'looking for a relationship' on dating site. former soldier led double life, duping first wife into believing he needed to spend periods away from family home in a'safe house' in reality, he was romancing finance manager Philippa Campbell, 30, who he eventually married in a lavish wedding.
'coupon election' came in 1918, while critics branded 1929 vote the 'flapper election' with less than four weeks to go, politicians have been posing relentlessly for the ubiquitous photos. tories were told at start of campaign to pose for'selfies' as often as possible, to increase party exposure on social media.
loo version of the iron throne was built by a team of top Hollywood prop makers. it was presented to self-confessed Game Of Thrones geek John Giovanazzi. the loo was installed in the toilet of his bar in Glendale, california.
the will of princess Diana is among 41 million available to order online. her final wishes for the disposal of her £21.4 million estate are among a vast archive of wills dating back to 1858. possessions including paintings and a clock were distributed among her 17 godchildren, while the rest went to her sons William and Harry.
the cobbles will be lifted from their current place and cut in half. they will then be relaid again to make the surface smoother for cyclists. history of the area dates back to the 19th century when the harbour was built.
many were sacked, stripped of savings and even jailed after cash shortfalls were recorded. post office asked accountants to investigate the Horizon IT system in 2012. report suggests discrepancies could have been caused by computer failures.
Ella Dawson, a recent graduate of wesleyan university, was diagnosed with herpes two years ago and says she's been dropping the 'herpes bomb' about six months after she had her first outbreak. Dawson said that even though herpes is often the bud of the joke in popular culture, it's a real issue affecting at least one in six americans.
a 32-year-old man has been charged with torture after another man went to hospital suffering fractures, head injuries and burns. he will appear at bundaberg magistrates court on Monday on charges including grievous bodily harm, deprivation of liberty and torture. the victim claimed to have amnesia but police were able to charge the other man because they had solid evidence.
Zeke celello, two, burst into tears when Hillary Clinton announced she was running for president of the united states. he uploaded a video to facebook, insisting that 2016 is his year to shine.
the lawsuit by Erica Kinsman, which seeks damages from the former seminoles quarterback, was filed two weeks before the April 30 NFL draft. Winston has denied the allegations and prosecutors declined to file charges against him in late 2013. he also was cleared by the university following a two-day student conduct hearing last year.
the supreme leader was making his first comments on the interim deal reached last week in the Swiss city of Lausanne. 'instant annulment of all sanction is one of the demands of our officials,' he said in a speech broadcast live on state television. but he hedged on whether there will be a deal in place by the June 30 deadline.
Ashley mote, 79, is accused of a string of fraud-related offences. they include acquiring criminal property and obtaining a money transfer. some of the money he allegedly made from the fraud went towards funding various legal costs.
study examined reaction of secondary and primary school teachers in u.s. teachers were more likely to view youngsters who they thought were black as troublemakers than those they thought were white. this may explain why black children are disciplined more at schools.
third graders in orange, new jersey, and high school students in the Philadelphia student union have written letters to convicted cop killer. mumia, 60, was taken to hospital last week after collapsing in the bathroom of the state correctional institution at Mahanoy. the letters were delivered by a professor of history at baruch college. she said: 'we shared a touching moment with mumia in an effort to raise his spirits'
joy webb, 17, asked her 80-year-old grandfather to prom because he never got to attend his own dance. drain enlisted in the navy in 1951 at the age of 17 and would have been serving in the Korean war when his own prom happened. drain agreed to be her date because 'prom is kind of a big thing for everybody'
each year thousands of homeless pooches facing euthanasia get loaded on planes and flown to new homes in places where shelters are experiencing shortages. groups such as California-based wings of rescue or south Carolina-based Pilots N Paws recruit pilots to volunteer their planes, fuel and time. it's estimated that more than 4 million u.s. pets are euthanized every year.
Dominique Granier suggested putting on a service specifically for Roma. he said the 'unbearable' smell was a'sanitation risk' in an interview. but the bus company has apparently 'outsourced' part of the route.
Loren mathieson filmed her pet Boston Terrier, Gizmo, performing the gravity-defying stunt one day at home after he tried on a set of new booties.
girl is shown sitting on a ridge in her bright pink jumper and trainers. tells a man she is'shooting at daesh' in Kurdish, before firing several rounds. he says: 'kill, kill', but whether she has actually hit anything is unclear. video was posted in January, but has only recently emerged on social networks.
the baby boy was removed from their care four days after he was born in Oregon last year. Eric Lee gates and his adult daughter, Chalena mae moody, had asked the appeals court to overturn a decision for the baby to be put in foster care. the pair have two children together - born in 2013 and 2014 - a third died in utero.
rescue teams were called to Meadowbank in Sydney's west about 11pm on wednesday with reports a man was trapped in a drain. firefighters, paramedics and police extracted the man from the hole using ropes and ladders due to injuries he sustained to his shoulder and leg.
a 2-year-old dog from des moines named tank won the 36th annual Beautiful bulldog contest Sunday at Drake university. pageant organizers narrowed a pool of more than 100 hopeful pups by a lottery held last month. judges wanted to see the slobber, drool and bulging, bloodshot eyes synonymous with english bulldogs.
queen margrethe, 75, celebrated her birthday at the amalienborg palace. she was joined for the balcony appearance by her sons and heirs. also on the balcony was her second son, Joachim, 45. also on the balcony were his children from his first marriage, Nikolai, 15, and Felix, 12, and his youngest two, athena, three. one royal who couldn't be present was her 80-year-old husband prince henrik. he missed the carriage proces
audience cheered calls for more public spending and defences of immigration. when farage said audience was prejudiced, they only booed him further. audience not selected by the BBC, but by'reputable polling organisation'
Michael shepard, 35, allegedly conned parents into letting him babysit their kids and was frequently seen riding around the neighborhood with children on his scooter. police say he did everything he could to win the confidence of the parents at Cedar hollow apartments in pinellas park so that he could prey on their children. he is accused of horrific sexual attacks on seven children, both boys and girls.
locals from the island of Kudahuvadhoo in the maldives reported witnessing 'a low-flying jumbo jet' on the morning of march 8 last year. acoustic scientists refuse to rule out the possibility that 'distinctive' data they recorded from the area at the assumed time of the crash may have come from the impact of the aircraft. despite an exhaustive search, locals believe they identified red and blue markings, similar to those of the missing
Kat Lee's desperate plea on facebook has gone viral as she appealed for witnesses to come forward following her son's surgery for his broken jaw in two places and a fractured cheekbone. a group of five, including four teenagers and an adult, attacked her son over money owed for a hot dog at an Adelaide train station on saturday night. her Facebook post has gained more than 7,500 shares.
in the first three months of the year, 434,775 people waited longer than four hours in hospital emergency wards - 4,830 patients every day. over the past year, more than 1.4 million people were forced to wait longer than the target time – compared to just 353,000 in 2009/10. it is now 89 weeks since hospital A&Es met their waiting targets.
Shaun ingram booked his car in for a major service and MOT at £255. but when he went to collect his car, he found a mechanic had taken it for a spin. his dashcam recorded footage of it being driven at 57mph in a 30mph zone. footage also showed mechanic swearing and boasting about test-driving car.
when she was a size 18, she was heckled with taunts as she ran. even her doctor told her she was too big to contemplate running 26.2 miles. but she didn't let her critics stop her from running and completed a marathon. now she's encouraging other women to take up the sport regardless of their size and ability.
yingying Dou, 30, reportedly ran the website which charged up to $1000 per assignment. the website was used by hundreds of students across 12 NSW universities. the university of Sydney was provided with evidence that its students had ordered 40 assignments from the MyMaster website. but internal emails show just five students have been found guilty of cheating.
trading standards raided the royal china club in central london. restaurant boasted of selling shark fin soup and ground shark teeth. charity says as many as one in five restaurants are selling the soup. they are exploiting loophole allowing fins to be brought in for personal consumption. just one kilogram of shark fin can fetch up to £180 through wholesale markets.
Emily Thornberry attacked right to buy while renting out a property she bought. eight years ago she and her husband bought at auction a £1million property. tories said she opposed right to buy but not 'right to buy to let'
grandfather was caught with two cartons of beer, one box of red wine and one box of white wine in his car in august last year. he was sentenced to six months jail and 75 lashes, but only received 28. the 57-year-old has been banned from travelling out of the country. he says the embassy has not been taking his case seriously.
Emmanuel sithole was bludgeoned to death in a gutter in Alexandra township. a medical centre just 300 feet away was closed for the day because the doctor who worked there was also a foreigner and feared becoming a victim of a xenophobic attack.
labour leader feared working class voters would stay at home and watch the show instead of coming out to vote. he went to the home of director general sir hugh greene and told him the show could cost him 20 seats.
Dale and debra Krein of rogue river, oregon, have been plagued by their neighbors' Tibetan mastiffs for more than a decade. the dogs would bark until 5am and throughout the day. a jury ruled the dogs should be debarked within 60 days.
Fredric brandt, 65, was found hanged in the garage of his florida mansion. sources close to the doctor said he was 'definitely hurt' by the portrayal. the character in question, Dr Franff, had a high-pitched laugh and absurd habits like drinking from a surgical bag. a friend said: 'it was making fun of him for the way he looked and it was mean and it was bullying. but that was not why he committed suicide'
Izzat Ibrahim al-Douri, 72, died in fighting with government troops in northern iraq. he headed the Naqshbandi order insurgent group, behind rise of ISIS. he was deputy to Saddam when he was deposed following 2003 invasion. he was ranked sixth on the us military's list of 55 most-wanted Iraqis.
Tokyo researchers have proposed a laser system to attach to the ISS. it would be used to shoot down pieces of debris in Earth orbit. the system would have a range of 62 miles (100km) and could target things less than 0.4 inches (1cm) in size. powerful pulses from the laser would then push space junk into Earth’s atmosphere, where it would burn up.
a third of people aged 16-to-34 have deleted their facebook accounts. trend comes as older users turn to the social network to stay in touch. nearly 60 per cent of Britons aged over 55 now have a facebook account.
payday lender's revenues fell by nearly £100million to a total of £217.2million. firm has been hit by new rules on payday lending and fake legal letters. chairman says that the company might ditch its controversial brand.
support for the greens has dropped to 15 per cent from 28 per cent in february. the proportion of students who dislike leader has doubled to 24 per cent. youthsight interviewed around 1,000 undergraduates across the uk.
richie benaud has passed away after a battle with skin cancer. the 84-year-old commentator turned cricket commentating into an art form. his commentary was understated and often extremely funny.
Bobby was performing at the Verizon theatre in Dallas on Saturday night when he told the stunned audience that 'Bobbi is awake. she's watching me' the singer didn't elaborate on if his daughter had regained consciousness or if he was talking instead about her spirit. there have been reports in recent weeks that Bobby and his desire to keep his daughter on life support is at odds with the family of his deceased ex-wife Whitney Houston.
prime minister will unveil analysis to show labour and the SNP are'really on the same side' since Mr Miliband became labour leader, the SNP has trooped through the lobbies with his MPs in 91.5 per cent of commons divisions.
italian Alex Bellini will live atop an iceberg in greenland starting next year. he will live inside a contained ball, with no means to escape for 12 months. the capsule will be 10ft (three metres) wide and could fit 10 people. but Mr Bellini will remove all of the seats apart from one, for himself. the aim of the stunt is to highlight how global warming will melt icebergs around the world and cause sea levels to rise.
a set of wheels broke off the cargo plane moments after it touched down. the plane skidded along the runway for 380ft before coming to a stop. captain and co-pilot escaped injury and there were no passengers on board. the aircraft suffered significant damage to its left wing and engine.
Joel Burger, 24, and girlfriend Ashley King, 23, have known each other since kindergarten. the pair from new Berlin, illinois, started dating when they were about to leave for college.
a second election swiftly after polling day is 'extremely likely', professor whiteley said. other experts warned that a'messy and unstable' left-wing alliance was likely to be in power even if the conservatives won more seats.
dishes on change4life website have up to 29g of sugar per serving. Apricot bread pudding has slightly more sugar than a Snickers bar. a banana and apricot bagel has more sugar than a bowl of Frosties.
voters turn to google to find out why pm was a no-show in last night's debate. labour's Ed miliband, sNP's Nicola. sturgeon, ukip's nigel farage, green's Natalie. Bennett and plaid Cymru's leanne wood went head-to-head.
former staff sgt. Charlie Linville, 29, from boise, Idaho, is using a specially designed metal foot outfitted with a climbing boot and another one with crampons. his quest last year was thwarted following the deaths of 16 Sherpa guides in April when an avalanche swept down.'my message is anything is possible. it is just not me being an amputee, but anyone sitting on the couch around the world that has problems - you can overcome life
Jannik andersen, 23, was hit by train on tracks in Indio, california. he was pronounced dead less than 40 minutes later, police said on monday. friends described him as 'genuine' and 'happy' man with 'wild taste'
Waheed Ahmed, 21, is the son of councillor shakil Ahmed. he was arrested on the Turkish border with Syria with eight of his relatives. he was deported by the Turkish authorities and flown back to the uk. four of his relatives - including four children - were held at Manchester airport. a 30-year-old man from Rochdale has also been arrested on suspicion of terrorism.
first robot to be sent into the radioactive reactor of fukushima power plant has stalled just three hours into its mission. photographs offer the first glimpse into the melted reactors at the Japanese plant after the 2011 nuclear disaster. more than 300,000 people had to be evacuated after three of fukushima's six reactors blew up following the huge tsunami. second robot mission scheduled for Monday was postponed as engineers investigated the cause of the malfunction.
a set of 500 limited edition copies of Kim Kardashian's selfish sold out in less than a minute. the 34-year-old reality star's 352-page collection of selfies won't be officially released until may.
non-identical twins Kendall and baylee have very different skin tones. the effect is so striking that even their own father says it is hard to believe they are related. their father, curtis, is half-jamaican, while their mother is white. the effect is so striking that even their own father has said it is hard to believe that they are related.
the small elephant was sold to provide rides for tourists in Thailand when she was three-and-a-half years old. she didn't see her mother, who also worked in the trade, for three years. me-Bai was recently rescued and brought to the sanctuary after a tiring 62 mile (100km) trek in the hot sun that lasted four days. the pair joyfully flap their ears and caress each other with their trunks.
the new restrictions, regarding Kansas applicants, have inspired national criticism and mockery from the daily show. the taxpayer-funded temporary assistance for needy families program, currently provides cash payments of up to $497 per month for a family of four.
Danielle Davies, 21, gave birth to her son Harley at nearly 12lb. she insisted on a natural birth - not realising she was about to deliver a massive baby. midwives were so shocked they had to weigh him twice.
police charged 34-year-old Paul Johnson-Yarosevich of acton, Maine, on Monday with prohibited use of computer. the investigation started in December after the father of a pre-teen girl told police about the contact. police say they determined the girl thought she had been communicating via social media with another female student around her age. authorities soon learned that the girl was sending the photos to a grown man.
prisoner Carlos boente bombarded teenager with thousands of texts and calls. he told her he had no family and nobody visited him in prison. he then made numerous abusive calls to the 19-year-old woman. he was found guilty of conspiracy to burgle, harassment and phone possession.
the 27-year-old has designed a new range for fashion label, lispsy. shows off her summer tan and enviable curves in new campaign imagery. says her beauty regime is fairly minimal and she drinks lots of water.
oratilwe hlongwane, whose DJ name is AJ, is still learning to put together words but is already able to select and play music from a laptop. his abilities have earned him special appearances and sponsorship deals with fans desperate to hear his bass-heavy house music. his mother, refiloe marumo, credits his astounding success on the decks to his father's decision to buy an iPad for his then unborn son.
caron Wyn Jones, father of Welsh first minister, underwent hip operation. he paid because the Welsh NHS could not perform operation soon enough. 76-year-old was keen to get it done before a holiday to italy. revelation came as mr miliband unveiled his manifesto for the NHS.
former deputy prime minister said he cannot see a problem with the prince writing to government ministers. said the future king has 'a lot to offer this country'. comes after the supreme court backed a previous ruling paving the way for publication of the so-called 'black spider' memos.
child sex abuse reports have risen by more than 60 per cent since 2011. nearly 9,000 reports were filed in 2014, according to freedom of information. despite surge in reports, the number of arrests fell by nine per cent. critics have accused the government of failing victims of abuse.
angelina Santini from california, filmed her nine-month-old son Marcus getting carried away in his bouncer one day.
Patricia Ebel, 49, was driving her 10-year-old grandson home after a day at the pool on friday when she crashed her black BMW into a car that was stopped at an intersection in Naples, florida. Neither Ebel nor her grandson was injured in the crash, although her car was totalled. she is facing DUI charges including driving with a.15-or-greater blood alcohol content with a minor in the car.
Linda hogan purchased the 23.63-acre property for $3.5 million a year after she divorced the WWE Hall of Famer in 2009. the compound encompasses a hilltop near the 16th and 17th tees at the gated wood ranch golf & country club community. built in 2005, the Tuscan-style mansion has five bedrooms and 5.5 baths.
the televised debate between democratic candidates for mayor of Philadelphia came to a halt on tuesday night. it was only 10 minutes into the hour-long debate when Abraham was heard falling as senator Anthony Williams answered a question. the camera panned over to see the former Philadelphia district attorney lying helpless on the floor. the debate was paused as a doctor evaluated Abraham backstage and told her she probably suffered from a sudden drop in blood pressure due to the unforgiving stage lights
millionaire real estate heir Robert Durst was indicted Wednesday on the two weapons charges that have kept him in new Orleans. a grand jury charged Durst with possession of a firearm by a felon, and possession of both a firearm and an illegal drug: 5 ounces of marijuana. his arrest related to those charges has kept Durst from being extradited to los angeles, where he's charged in the December 2000 death of longtime friend Susan Berman. he
new carpet was fitted by the waqf, the Muslim authority in charge of the al-aqsa mosque compound, which includes the dome of the rock. but when the old carpet was lifted, it revealed previously undocumented floor designs - which could point to where the 'lost ark' is buried. scholars say they did not get a chance to document the designs before workmen began laying the new carpet. it has sparked a war of words between the waqf and the
faith myers, 14, from Nebraska, was filmed by her mother as she woke in bed still 'high' from the procedure's anesthesia. footage shows her being quizzed about what she would like to eat, with the thought of a shake clearly filling her with dread.
sisters shayanna, 25, and shaneah, 23, have not spoken since the murder trial of ex-nfl star, Aaron Hernandez. the sisters shared an apartment in their native Bristol,. Connecticut, and were close until the murder trial. shaneah was the girlfriend of victim,. odin Lloyd, who Hernandez executed with five bullets on june 17, 2013. shayanna sobbed and hugged Hernandez's mom in court as the guilty verdict was
collection of artefacts from the tiger of mysore will go on sale at bonhams. experts expect them to fetch a total of around £1million at auction. a four-foot-long rifle made by the sultan's own armoury is expected to make £150,000 alone. a gold-coloured gem-set sword with pink, green and red stones is expected to sell for £80,000.
father-of-two, alex impey, says he is breaking the law selling marijuana to help those suffering from serious illness. he says he receives 20 new requests for help each week at his hemp store, on the NSW central coast, north of Sydney. some cancer sufferers can use up to a gram each day as treatment with costs of the oil between $80 to $150 per gram. parents of children with serious illnesses are being taught how to grow their own marijuana crops.
Elijah overcomer, 26, left Gloriavale, a secretive Christian commune, with his wife, Rosanna, 29, and their three children in late march 2013. the family watched the 2004 psychological thriller the village, by m. night shyamalan, shortly after their departure. '(in the film), all the kids have grown up and been told the outside is unsafe. they even make their own scare tactics to scare people from going outside the wee village,' he said.
Clinton's campaign will center on boosting economic security for the middle class and expanding opportunities for working families, two senior advisers said on Saturday. president Barack Obama all but endorsed her saying 'i think she would be an excellent president' the strategy described by Clinton's advisers has echoes of Obama's 2012 re-election campaign.
Rhodri Giggs, 37, lost his licence after being found guilty of driving a Mercedes without insurance. the former player-manager of non-league side salford city, was forced to hand over his licence having already accrued six points from two previous speeding offences. in January, he spoke for the first time about his brother's eight-year affair with his then wife Natasha.
UFO researcher Scott waring says he has spotted an extra-terrestrial spacecraft in a 55-year-old photo from Nasa's mercury project. scientists say radical claims such as this are a simple case of pareidolia, which tricks the brain into seeing significant items in random places.
adidas Boost trainers go on sale for £130 ahead of the london marathon. supermarket chain aldi have a running flash sale in stores from tomorrow. but can you really get the same results from a cheap supermarket pair?
the couple, in their 30s, were convicted of noise pollution and harassment. neighbours described the wails of passion as 'deafening' and said it kept them awake. the man, who has not been named, was sentenced to four months in prison. but the couple appealed the sentence and have been ordered to pay £9,000.
a new report has revealed that high-level Russia hackers launched a cyber-attack against the white house's unclassified computer network last year. the hackers were able to access real-time, non-public schedule of president Obama, which is considered highly sensitive. the white house acknowledged that there had been suspicious activity on its unclassified network serving the executive office. a six-month investigation into the breach uncovered evidence pointing to hackers working on behalf of Russian president Vladimir Putin's government.
director gareth. Edwards took to the stage to reveal a few details about the first of the standalone. star wars films, Rogue one. 'a band of resistance fighters unite for a daring mission to steal the death star plans in star wars anthology film, Rogue. one attendee managed to capture the preview on their cellphone before uploading it to YouTube.
no man's land fort is one of three guarding the entrance to the solent. built between 1867 and 1880, it was one of several forts ordered by then-prime minister Lord Palmerston to fend off the french navy. the unique hotel looks like could be a fortress of a James bond villain and can sleep 44 guests with a capacity of 200 for parties and events.
the 4th district court of appeal in San Diego upheld a lower court ruling that tossed out a family's lawsuit trying to block the encinitas union school district from teaching yoga. the lawsuit brought by Stephen and Jennifer sedlock and their two children claimed the school district's yoga classes promoted Hinduism and inhibited Christianity. the court upheld the previous ruling in a 3-0 opinion.
a 36-year-old man has been arrested on suspicion of conspiracy to murder. a man and a woman were arrested this week on suspicion of terror offences. a Jamaican businessman has already appeared in court charged with his murder.
sheree and Sophie Morgan allowed their bank accounts to be used to accept stolen money. elderly couple were conned out of their £36,000 life savings by a fraudster. he pretended to be a detective sergeant claiming they were about to fall victim to an eastern european crime gang. they were persuaded to transfer their money into various accounts 'for their own security' the fraudster even pretended he knew of a list of previous transactions.
violet pietrok was born with frontonasal dysplasia, a congenital malformation of the face and head that is developed in the womb. it caused a widening of her facial features, specifically her nose, which had no cartilage, and the space between her eyes. she also had a large central cleft in her face and a growth over her left eye. plastic surgeon-in-chief dr. John meara of Boston children's hospital spent months
michael buckley, 60, from forest hill, south east london, died on christmas day. court heard she became frustrated because aisles were gridlocked by shoppers. court heard she exchanged heated words with him before knocking him over. he fell to the floor in the aisle and broke his thighbone and wrist. he was taken to intensive care and put on a life support machine. but two months later the decision was taken to turn off the machine.
jemma peacock, 31, suffers from a rare form of stomach cancer. she is currently taking three drugs to try to prolong her life. third and most effective drug - regorafenib - costs the NHS £1,000 a week to provide and has been removed from the health service's approved list of treatments. mother-of-two says she cannot afford to buy regorafenib privately.
domestic cats are being snatched off the streets and killed in their tens of thousands across northern Vietnam. despite laws against eating the animals, police officers and lawyers are among the country's biggest customers. a cat knapper is paid anything between £37 to £52 by a restaurateur per animal, depending on its size.
Jeremy Trentelman, 36, of ogden, built the castle for his three-year-old son and two-year-old daughter last week. the castle includes trap doors, a slide and a trampoline. he received a letter from city code enforcement officials one day later saying that his creation must be scrapped.
'boomerang generation' living at home even in their twenties and thirties. but only 42 per cent charge their children rent - compared to £750 average. 80 per cent still buy their adult child's groceries and cook for them.
researchers behind the Gallup-Healthways well-being index say the number of uninsured americans is now at a record low. when tracking began in 2008 roughly 14per cent of citizens were uninsured, peaking at 18per cent in the third quarter of 2013. for the first three months of this year the rate dropped to 11.9per cent.
Britney e. montenegro, 20, charged with disorderly conduct in Orlando, florida. fight allegedly started inside a bar before spilling out onto the streets. police say it involved'multiple individuals'.
scientists have found vast deep water gas hydrates in the Arctic. they are reservoirs for abiotic methane, which is 20 times more effective in trapping heat than carbon dioxide. the gas forms through a process called serpentinisation. it occurs when seawater reacts with hot mantle rocks exhumed along large faults within the seafloor. similar formations could someday be used to store methane, that can later be used as fuel.
Ed miliband will today pledge to cut the deficit every year if labour wins election. he will warn that labour faces coming to power in a 'time of scarcity' he will insist a labour government would ‘cut the deficit every year’.
whales washed up along a 6-mile stretch of the coast of hokato, north-east of tokyo. it triggered rumours on social media of an impending earthquake and tsunami. experts have dismissed the claims as being 'unscientific'.
dust mites are the number one cause of allergies in australian homes. an average bed can have approximately 10,000 dust mites living in it at one time. the oddly-shaped critters live for three to four months and feed off animal and human dead skin.
Martina levato wanted to 'purge' previous relationships, court hears. the 23-year-old was reportedly a student at Milan's private Bocconi university. she also tried to castrate a man's genitals while in his car in may 2014. the couple were detained on suspicion of throwing acid on her ex-boyfriend.
Tony degrafreed, 50, of Indianapolis, has been charged with murder. allegedly beat to death wife Rebecca degrafreed, 47, at their home in 2014. she died from blunt and sharp force traumatic injures to the head and neck.
dozens of anarchists have made their squalid home in a litter-strewn shanty town. group are linked to the occupy movement that caused chaos in london. battle to evict the squatters set to come to a head just before the Magna Carta anniversary.
clothing featuring jokes about stalking has been slammed by charity. the suzy lamplugh trust slammed the offending garments. they mock a serious issue which affects one in six women. slogans include 'I heart my stalker' and'some people call it stalking. I call it love!'
Gianni van, 45, is accused of the 1995 murder of f Gonzalo ramirez. ramirez's blindfolded, bloodied body was found on the side of an Irvine, california road having suffered 30 blows with a cleaver. prosecutors say van was enraged after his ex-girlfriend Norma Patricia Esparza told him Ramirez had raped her and he must be held responsible for the attack.
terrifying incident is just yards from where an underground cable fire ripped through central london on april 1. workers underneath the six-storey structure fled for their lives after the fifth, fourth and third floors crashed down on to the rest of the building. one worker suffered head injuries and a broken arm and was treated by colleagues trained in first aid until an ambulance arrived. police said a 56-year-old man was being treated for injuries this afternoon.
gavin munro grows young trees into specially-designed plastic moulds. he guides the branches into shape before grafting them together to form joints. the 39-year-old has a field in Derbyshire where he's currently tending a crop of 400 tables, chairs and lampshades.
celebrities are sharing one unfiltered selfie in aid of #SelfieEsteem. female stars include Nancy Dell'Olio, jamelia and Susanna Reid. men include piers morgan and richard madeley. survey shows women take six selfies before posting one online.
Volvo teamed up with a start-up to make a light reflective spray for cyclists. the paint is invisible by daylight but reflects light in the dark. it washes off completely and won’t mark surfaces, so it can be applied to clothes, helmets, pushchairs, dog leads and obviously, bikes. some of the trial cans are now on sale on ebay for £45 ($66)
national driving survey analysed the travel habits of 3700 australian families. four in five families use technology to deal with bored children. another 70 per cent give their kids treats to sweeten the ride. one in five NSW families have admitted to using sedatives like the antihistamine Phenergan to knock their kids out so their journey will be more pleasant.
former assistant elementary school principal moved to france in 2009. she was shocked to find rôti de boeuf and cordon bleu de dinde on menu. but she witnessed tots using 'grown-up knives and forks' to eat.
Rochelle coulson suffers from sleep apnoea - a condition often linked to obesity. 21-year-old puts on 13 stone in four years by eating through 'boredom' she has not worked for five years because she says she would be a 'danger' pressure group the taxpayers' alliance has warned benefits should not become a 'comfort blanket'
unnamed man was running ahead of animal when he was knocked to the ground. he was trying to scramble to safety behind iron bars when horn hit him. unfortunate incident happened in Teulada, a small coastal town on spain's Costa blanca, during annual fiesta.
Michelle woods, 44, was told by her daughter'something was moving' in the bath. when the pair walked into the bathroom, that's when they came face to face with snake. panicking, she called the rspca, who were unable to help - so in desperation, posted an appeal on facebook. within an hour, a local woman who keeps snakes recognised her plight. she said: 'we couldn't think of another way it could have
18 to 26-year-olds travel by private jet, sleep in presidential suites and wake up to scrambled eggs topped with truffles. while the glamorous Scolaro sisters 'partied with a-list movie stars', self-made millionaire tomer sror continued to earn hundreds of thousands.
University of Manchester researchers have revealed an HD dark matter map. it shows clumps of mystery particles across 0.4 per cent of the sky. the goal is to eventually map 12.5 per cent over five years. red here shows more dark matter, and blue shows less. the moon is shown top left for scale. and the map should allow astronomers to study how galaxies formed in the universe.
a family on new york's long island tried to keep their snowman alive until this weekend, when 70-degree temperatures hit the area. but before the snowman withered away, he became somewhat of an internet celebrity, with more than 3,000 people liking the page the family dedicated to their friend.
the 42-year-old mother-of-two posted a picture of her $29 grocery shop on her twitter account yesterday afternoon. the challenge is aimed at raising awareness and funds for new york's food banks.
a Husky named sky, a brown and white springer Spaniel called Sadie and a black and white springer Spaniel called Marshall take their positions on a make-shift stage. the video begins with Sadie barking and then rests her muzzle on sky’s ear as if whispering something – sky reacts by playfully mouthing in her direction.
flight from Seattle to los angeles was forced to make an emergency landing. pilot heard banging and screaming from beneath the aircraft. 'help! help! help!' the baggage handler screamed.
the IMF predicts the UK economy will grow by 2.7% this year and 2.3% in 2016. inflation remains at zero per cent, with food and fuel prices down. low oil prices are expected to help bolster steady growth in the uk.
forecasters predict temperatures could rise as high as 25c (77f) by Wednesday. comes after hottest day of the year so far was observed at 21.9c (71.4f) winds of more than 75mph recorded in north Wales today. snow also reported to have fallen on high ground in northern england.
Sharmeena Begum, 15, persuaded three friends to follow her to Syria. she was raised by her uncle, a devout Muslim and former religious scholar. he blames the airport authorities, police and her school for letting her flee.
co-authors of 'bubba yum yum: the paleo way' spoke on the morning show. said they are 'confident' about the changes they have made to the book. book was cancelled by publishers pan macmillan over health warnings. included recipe for baby formula made from liver and bone broth.
Chancellor repeatedly ducked questions about exactly how the cash boost would be paid for. said it would come from the conservatives' 'balanced plan' for the economy. but declined to go into further detail.
Craig stoner, 24, Darren smalley, 35, Joshua finbow, 23, and Simon radford, 31, each charged with one count of sexual assault. alleged incident took place at a military base in shearwater, near Halifax. sailors are due to return to court on monday.
David atherton, 65, was about to put his meal in the cooker when he found the reptile slithering inside. he scooped up the reptile and placed it in a plastic food recycling box. his sister Margaret, 73, who has a phobia of snakes, needed hospital treatment. the snake has been given a temporary home with a local conservationist.
the former rap music mogul struck two men with his pickup truck in January, killing one and seriously injuring the other. a judge ruled on Thursday that he will stand trial on murder and attempted-murder charges. a sheriff's spokeswoman says knight was transported to a hospital for an unspecified medical emergency. the judge also reduced bail from $25 million to $10 million.
tennis coach has a couple of caveats – he has to get french open and Wimbledon out of the way first. she said she would be a'very active granny'
the pretty little liars star's account reads more like a travel blog than a diary of a Hollywood starlet. a lady in london's account, a lady in london, showcases the best of the english capital. adventure photographer Joe greer has made a successful second career posting breathtaking landscapes of the pacific northwest.
the website for the hobart international airport has been shut down. it was hacked and defaced with a statement supporting the radical Islamist group ISIS. Tasmania police are investigating and have been monitoring activity at the airport.
replica of the warship that carried France's marquis de Lafayette to help american colonists in their war of independence sets sail for the united states on Saturday. the replica fired its cannons as it sailed up the french river Charente on Saturday to the military shipyards of Rochefort. the new hermione has been under construction since 1997 and cost 25 million euros ($27 million) to build.
the video was apparently filmed by a supporter ahead of arsenal's FA cup semi-final win over reading. the footage appears to show a homophobic chant about Ashley Cole. the former england defender left arsenal to join rivals Chelsea in 2006.
mangu Ram was 14 when he fled the violence that followed the partition of india. he is still regarded as a second class citizen in Indian Kashmir - unable to own property or vote in state elections. 'if something can be done, then maybe I will finally have some enjoyment in this life,' he said.
researchers at the Hebrew university of Jerusalem studied octopuses. they found that the orientation of the creature's body and the crawling direction are controlled independently in the brain.
the Islamic extremists drove cars to a mosque in the remote village of Kwajafa in Borno state, where they told locals they were there to teach Islam. once a crowd had gathered around the men, the jihadis opened fire using handguns and assault rifles before setting fire to nearby houses. attack came as new pictures showed how teenagers caught up in previous slaughters carried out by Boko Haram in neighbouring Chad.
'i'm still in the back of my mind not accepting...that i'm not going to see her,' says mother. 'knowing it's happened, it's like you are talking about someone else's kid,' says mother. stepbrother, 28, charged with murder after body parts found on march 2.
Paula McKay was told her daughter, Natasha, would be left disabled. medics at the former Sharoe green hospital in Preston made the same mistakes. when she became pregnant with her second child, less than two years later, she was reassured the same mistakes would not be repeated. when her son, patrick, 22, was delivered at the same hospital, the same mistakes were made, leaving him brain damaged and severely disabled.
Atlanta-based writer Alex gray, 27, lost 160lbs from his 354lbs frame over the course of 20 months. he admitted that he once made excuses for his gluttonous habits, which included trips to drive-through restaurants up to four times a day. it wasn't until an obese friend 'unveiled a shockingly svelte silhouette' that he was inspired to make changes.
brain waves move memories from the hippocampus to the prefrontal cortex. if this doesn't happen, short-term memories get overwritten with new ones. if the brain is tired, it affects the memory even for those without dementia.
bedlington lurcher swallowed unidentified substance while on a walk. the four-year-old hound seemed to think he was being chased after eating drugs. he also had dilated pupils and bloodshot eyes after eating the substance. but after 45 minutes of drooling at the mouth uncontrollably, shaking and walking into walls he seems back to normal.
the Lib dem leader told a group of children he was better at languages and art. he will use tomorrow's manifesto launch to promise a'stronger economy' will accuse the tories of wanting to embark on unnecessarily deep cuts.
Cui Hongfang hit the back of her head on a corner of the stone wall. the 73-year-old was knocked over by a 38-year-old Canadian tourist. police have ruled the tragedy an accident, although they are still investigating.
Sarah Harper was in a relationship with Christopher Lane, 22, when he was gunned down while visiting in the city of Duncan in august 2013. the couple had returned from a trip to australia just two days earlier. Harper sat and listened to the forensic pathologist who performed the autopsy on him, claiming only a'miracle' would have saved him.
the former pm made an appearance at a low-key fundraising dinner. only one shadow cabinet minister, Chuka umunna, could be bothered to attend. the dashing shadow business secretary is being mentored by Lord Mandelson.
Niamh geaney, 26, and Karen. Branigan, 29, from dublin found their 'twin strangers' last week through a social media hunt. a journalist from london found hers in. Birmingham, two male university students, also in. London, and two retired men in Essex.
horses, ponies and donkeys are being abandoned in record numbers. animal welfare charities are full to capacity, leaving them helpless. the RSPCA launched an urgent appeal to rehome some of the hundreds of horses in their care.
aerial images show intense recent. Chinese construction over seven reefs and shoals in the. Spratly archipelago of the flashpoint south china sea. the latest images were shown to the media by Philippine military chief general Gregorio pio catapang.
Sarah was told last year that one of three men could be her father. she agreed to undergo a DNA test on the Jeremy Kyle show. presenter Jeremy Kyle broke the news to the pair on the ITV show. she burst into tears when he revealed he was not her biological father.
aftershave contained chemical known as methyl dihydro-jasmonate. activates hypothalamus - brain area responsible for sex hormones. creates'sex-specific activation patterns' in tissue found in nasal cavity.
lesbian couple Melanie and Vanessa Iris Roy decided to start a family. each carried a child one year apart and took photos at each stage. the couple then uploaded the images to Instagram and they went viral. the young family of four recently moved to Charlotte, north carolina.
pioneering camera innovator clinched the title after being granted 4.5 million restricted stock units at the end of the year. it won him the top spot on the annual Bloomberg pay index. slumping to second place, Chenerie energy's chief executive Charif souki was valued at $281 million.
family-of-six pictured driving through city of San Miguel de Tucuman, argentina. a man was pictured holding the handlebars of the bike while three young children straddled the petrol tank in front of him. a girl and a woman sat on the seat behind him.
the novelist, who died in 2014 aged 90, amassed a spectacular collection of ancient jewellery during her lifetime. the collection, which includes pieces up to 3,500 years old, is to go under the hammer at bonhams auction house. among the most striking is a gold roman bracelet made from three gold wires twisted into a spiral design.
byHours.com allows users to book hotels by the number of hours they need the room for. has already got 25 hotels in the capital on board. aims to acquire more hotels in the capital during the next few months.
Justin D. Smith, 18, and 20-year-old Efrain diaz appeared briefly via video link from jail while their attorneys entered their pleas of not guilty in the death of Jonathan Krueger. the men are charged with murder and robbery in the fatal shooting of the young Ohio native in the early morning hours of friday. the coroner's office said Krueger died of a gunshot wound to the chest.
John Helinski, 62, spent three years living in a cardboard box at a bus stop. he then tried to apply for a place at a homeless shelter, but struggled. a cop and a case manager then looked into his past. they were able to retrieve his social security number and driver's licence. he also had enough social security benefits to buy his own house.
owner Kevin o'Connor closed the shop for eight days after comments by him and his daughter, crystal, to a local television station supporting a new religious objections law. the law, which has since been revised, sparked a boycott of Indiana. a crowdfunding campaign started by supporters raised more than $842,000 with donations from 29,160 contributors in 48 hours. 'i'd do the same thing again. it's my belief. it's our belief. it's what we grew up
Naomi Jacobs, 32, woke up one morning believing she was 15 years old. she had been struck with transient global amnesia, a form of memory loss. it is brought on by stress and causes the 'episodic' part of her memory to disappear. she succumbed to 'total shock' when her 10-year-old son bounded up to her.
recorder Philip cattan, 65, was seen to fall asleep during the rape trial. a retrial was ordered and the child had to give evidence for a second time. while the jury was out of the room, the judge was confronted with the claim that he had slept through part of the cross-examination of the witness. the cost of the abandoned trial and the retrial is believed to have cost the taxpayer £10,000.
Kyli woke up in excruciating pain every time she tried to eat. doctors initially brushed it off as a mild pancreatic problem which would'resolve itself' within months she had dropped to 80lbs and had to postpone her wedding. she was eventually diagnosed with chronic pancreatitis, a rare condition that affects less than.01 per cent of people.
photograph was taken in kanagawa prefecture, japan, late last year. friend of photographer said it was 'not photoshopped' and paranormal forces could be at work.
kestrel and barn owl repeatedly lunged at each other in a nesting box. fight was captured on video by wildlife photographer Robert Fuller. he set up a camera inside a 13ft-high elm tree stump in his garden.
Alice. dreger sat in on sex education class at east lansing high school. tweeted out horror stories about people who have pre-marital sex. said: 'the whole lesson is "sex is part of a terrible lifestyle. drugs, unemployment, failure to finish school -- sex is part of the disaster'
a cloud formation resembling the wi-fi symbol appeared recently in the sky of xiangtan city in Hunan province.
asabi barner, 37, is suing black ink tattoo parlor in Harlem, new york for a botched chest tattoo that left her disfigured and in pain. the parlor's owner and artists star in their own reality show, black ink crew, which has had three seasons. barner says she went to the parlor after watching the reality show and trusted the artists, who specialize in tattooing on dark skin tones.
Michelle knight appeared at the Cleveland Rape Crisis Center's Faces of Change luncheon on wednesday. she was chained inside the 'house of horrors' for almost 10 years - the longest of the three women who were kidnapped, imprisoned and abused by ariel Castro. knight said her healing process has been 'to overcome and flourish and rise above all that'
photos taken between 1900 and 1911 during the Qing dynasty show Beijing's famous landmarks with barely any visitors. the quiet scenes are a far cry from modern-day Beijing, which is one of the most populous cities in the world. some show a member of the same family cheekily posing by stone statues of a lion, a camel and a horse.
first-born children are expected to be higher academic achievers. they also have a stronger sense of responsibility and are more mature. middle children tend to be more co-operative, flexible and sociable. as youngest children, they tend to have a more relaxed attitude. as oldest children, they tend to be less ambitious.
over the past week, thousands of the silver fish have died and have been scooped out of rodrigo de Freitas lake. there is still an overwhelming stench, sparking complaints from neighbours and passers-by. authorities and biologists have argued about the cause of the deaths.
hyperemesis gravidarum - the severe morning sickness suffered by the duchess of cambridge during both her pregnancies - triples the risk of developmental problems. about 10,000 women a year in the uk are affected by the debilitating condition which causes constant vomiting, crippling weakness and dehydration. new study from the university of California, los angeles, looks specifically at whether the condition affects brain development in childhood.
Veronica 'roni' gonzales and fiancee ely alb gonzales were returning from their engagement party when they stopped to help a group in trouble. four were killed instantly in the collision. of the 13 people injured, one later died in hospital from their wounds.
mountain lion, known as 'p-22', found in crawlspace under house on monday. workers tried to get him to move - including firing tennis balls and bean bags. but he has so far resisted all attempts to get him to move out.
flakka can be injected, snorted, smoked, swallowed or taken with other substances like marijuana. once ingested, the drug causes a feeling of euphoria, hallucinations and sometimes psychosis or apparent superhuman strength. users have nicknamed the drug '$5 insanity' because hits often cost less than $10.
photographs show teenagers and people in their early 20s kissing in public, drinking alcohol and living openly gay lifestyles. some of those pictured are even seen wearing clothing adorned with the stars and stripes. young people represent the largest societal bloc in. Iran, with over 63 per cent of its population aged under 30.
'bodega iniesta' vineyard in castilla-la mancha can be rented out. the property costs €125 (£90) a night. guests can educate themselves in the art of wine-making.
Shiba the dog uses his nose and paw to open a sliding glass window. he greets customers or curious visitors who have travelled from afar. one video showing his customer service skills has more than two million views.
the eight-part series will take four years to make and is planned for a 2019 debut for Netflix customers internationally. filmmakers said they plan to use the latest digital camera technology as they venture from the planet's ice caps to ocean depths to deserts and remote forests. 'our planet' will focus on the Earth's last wilderness areas and the animals living there, the project's British producers said.
former coronation street star, 27, unveils summer range for lispsy. shows off summer tan and curves posing by pool in new campaign imagery. says she can't believe how successful her ranges have been.
for years she kept what van Ryn did to her a secret, but when she found out he had been caught she knew she had to break her silence. the wealthy NSW businessman has pleaded guilty to 12 sex offences, including the most serious charge of persistent sexual abuse of a child. one of his victims told Sydney's district court on Monday that she is scared for her future relationships, and didn't understand why she had been targeted.
men in special operations forces do not believe women can meet the physical and mental demands of their commando jobs. they also fear the Pentagon will lower standards to integrate women into their elite units.
jet may have been caused by a wave of heat reaching ice trapped under the surface, causing an explosion of material. so far such activity had only been spotted on the day side of the comet - not the night side. as the comet gets closer to the sun, its surface gets warmer, causing frozen gases to erupt from the surface.
Diane james, Ukip’s justice spokesman, applauded putin's credentials. argued he was forced into invading ukraine because of the eu. 'i admire him from the point of view that he’s standing up for his country'
police say the driver of a van who struck and killed a 2-year-old has been shot dead at the scene of the accident - possibly in revenge. a 15-year-old boy was also shot and later died at the hospital - though it's not clear what his connection to the incident was. the driver's father identified him as father-of-four archie brown Jr. a local alderman suggested that the shooting may have been carried out in revenge for the child's death.
more than 730,285 reddit users have pressed the button since april fool's day. when the button is clicked, the 60-second timer resets. it is not yet known what happens when the timer reaches zero. users are awarded a colour, known as a 'flair' this represents the time period at which they clicked the button, ranging from zero to 60 seconds.
street art appears to be a dig at a group of Clinton supporters who said it would be on the look out for evidence of sexism in reporting about the democratic politician. the posters are said to have appeared in Brooklyn on Saturday night near her campaign's new headquarters in the borough. following Clinton's announcement on Sunday, a hashtag on twitter began trending called #WhyImNotVotingForHillary.
four-month-old Roscoe was caught on camera this week at the asheville humane society in north Carolina taking some of his first steps. the rescue pup was born with a deformity which caused his front to legs to be bent backwards at the knees.
last two 'Doolittle Tokyo Raiders' presented the group's Congressional gold medal for permanent display at the national museum of the us air force. 73 years to the day after their daring bombing attack on Japan rallied americans in world war II. the medal, awarded by congress earlier in the week, arrived in a ceremonial flight.
detectives investigating killing of 70-year-old pensioner from east london. body found by sniffer dogs last week in picturesque hamlet of Pierres. unnamed 28-year-old frenchman has been charged with his murder. alleged killer is thought to have been behind a number of thefts.
Robert Charles Bates, 73, shot and killed Eric courtney Harris, 44, it has been claimed. he was 'trying to get the situation under control' when he opened fire. police say he accidentally pulled out his pistol instead of the stun gun.
some women will choose comfort over style, realising that their bodies are changing drastically. others will choose to showcase a softer, more demure side of themselves.
border collies Anna and Indi have been surfing since they were 10 weeks old. their owner, 32-year-old search and rescue crewman, has been surfing for 16 years. the dogs use their low centre of gravity to keep them stable while surfing.
yobs sung and swore their way from glasgow to alicante on jet2 flight. witnesses said the group drank heavily and abused fellow passengers. one man in his thirties was escorted off the aircraft when it arrived in spain.
unemployed Anna broom, 33, has not worked since the age of 19. has claimed more than £100,000 in benefits during that time. now wants an extra £10,000 to fund her dream 'fairy-tale church wedding' wants designer dress, horse and carriage and champagne for 50 guests. says it is her 'basic human right' to be a bride.
Dale cregan is on hunger strike for the second time in bid to be moved from prison to a secure psychiatric hospital. 31-year-old was reportedly transferred to solitary confinement in HMP manchester a month ago after being caught smuggling a mobile phone and cannabis into his cell. he was jailed for life after shooting police officers fiona bone and Nicola Hughes in 2012.
presenter said viewers who sent death threats to Sue perkins should 'kill themselves' he said: 'if you're one of the people sending death threats to Sue perkins, could you please do the world a much bigger favour by killing yourself' but he quickly clarified: 'we don't want them as fans'
crash happened on the outskirts of the city of st petersburg. marathon rider Ruslan bazrov suffered pelvic injuries and a broken leg. the truck's driver pulled over to the side of the road after 100 metres.
pet owners admit they spend hours watching the box with their animals. two-thirds of goldfish owners even confess to putting the tank in sight of the tv so their fish can watch it for more than three and a half hours a day. a quarter, 24 per cent, say their pets love watching tv so much they spend an incredible nine hours glued to it every day.
13th century castle in the Dordogne, france has gone on the market for £703,400 according to estate agents. the 14-bedroom home also features 14 bathrooms and its own suit of armour - as well as 46 hectares of land. the castle dates from the 13th century and was completely refurbished in the 19th century.
David potchen, 53, robbed a bank in Merrillville, indiana, last year. he had served 12 and a half years in prison for a 2000 bank robbery. potchen had lost his job, lost his place to stay and spent a night in the woods before deciding to rob a bank so he could go back to prison. he was on probation and served 286 days before he told a judge he wanted to go back.
a third of 10-11 year olds and more than a fifth of 4-5 year olds in england are overweight or obese. by two years-old, one in five boys and one in ten girls was overweight or obese.
50 obese pupils at a school in eastern china are being sent to 'kung fu' classes. instructors say the classes are aimed at making fitness fun and fun. the classes were set up after a survey revealed 5 per cent of pupils were obese.
prince will take his full fortnight of paternity leave when his second child is born later this month. he plans to take time off to be with his wife and new baby, just like he did when his son, prince George, was born in 2013. the future king will be working throughout April in three sites – Cambridge, Norwich and Gloucestershire airport. the duchess of cambridge will largely be based at their london home Kensington palace.
the intruder was arrested after climbing into the grounds of the president's home. the package was examined and 'deemed to be harmless', according to reports. it is the latest in a string of security breaches in the capital.
investigators found that a number of flavors were labeled 'healthy' - brimming with fiber, protein and antioxidants. however, upon closer inspection, it was found that 'none of the products met the requirements to make such content claims'
a gyro-copter flew 80 miles undetected and under the radar from gettysburg, Pennsylvania to the lawn of the us capitol on Wednesday. the tiny, open-air aircraft landed without injuries to anyone, but the incident raises questions about how someone could be allowed to fly all the way to the capitol. 'we are a democracy. we don't have fences around our airspace, so we've got to find the right balance between living in a free and open
labour has predicted austerity would see unemployment soar and crime soar. but, in each case, the opposite has happened - and leader was challenged. refused to admit he had got it wrong over the past five years on each occasion. said: 'i don't think that's a judgment that people are going to make at election'
Patrick and Valerie Jubb are locked in a legal battle with the town hall. they are attempting to sell the four-bedroom property in Jimena de la frontera. town hall ruled that the first floor, kitchen and pool were illegally built.
the subreddit, find Boston bombers, was set up after the 2013 bombings. millions of users took to site in hopes of pinpointing bombing suspects. they hurled false accusations at spectators who wore backpacks at event. claims led to 22-year-old sunil tripathi being wrongly identified as bomber. now, moderator of subreddit, chris ryves, has told of regrets in documentary. documentary, the thread,
Neil killham, 32, from manchester made the infamous shepherds pie-trifle. it features sponge, jam, custard, lamb, peas, onions, whipped cream and sprinkles. hapless character Rachel green mistakenly made the dish 16 years ago.
BMW’s answer to google glass is designed to let drivers of its mini model see pop-up virtual displays for directions and other features. it calls them a ‘revolutionary display concept offering enhanced comfort and safety’. the goggles can project navigation information with arrows onto the roads, as well as showing speed limits. an x-ray view lets wearers see external objects concealed by the car, such as high kerbs and small bollards.
the son of the late attorney general is a vaccine critic and is currently trying to stop a bill in the state that would make childhood immunizations mandatory. at a screening of the documentary Trace amounts, the nephew of president john f. kennedy spoke out against a proposed bill in the state. the documentary purports that there is a connection between thimerosal - a chemical found in several childhood vaccines - and a rise in autism among american children
asif malik, 31, his partner Sara Kiran, 29, and their four children caught on camera boarding ferry from dover. police believed they arrived in french city of calais before travelling south down through Europe in a bid to flee to Syria. but a Turkish official claimed today that the couple had been arrested in ankara. they are currently in custody with their four children - daughter Zoha, seven, and three sons Essa, four, Zakariva, two, and Yahy
Kym ackerman saw the son of God in an x-ray of one her left-side molars when she went for a dental check-up in flagstaff on march 25. the 32-year-old spotted the image and pointed it out to both the dentist and hygienist. the dentist didn't find any cavities during the check-up.
Jeremy Clarkson has agreed to keep quiet so shows can go ahead 'in good spirit' global tour of motoring show looked like it may face the axe following fracas. but corporation and presenter have reached agreement over remaining shows. shows have been rebranded from Top Gear Live to Clarkson, Hammond and may live.
the world's third-largest cruise ship, the Anthem of the seas, has just arrived in the uk for its naming ceremony. the new ship, owned by royal Caribbean, has 16 decks and a capacity for almost 5,000 passengers at a time. on board, guests will experience robotic bartenders, be able to take part in circus skills training activities and even go on a virtual sky dive.
u.s. envoy mark lippert said in a speech on. Wednesday that if north Korea improves its human rights record it will be rewarded. with better ties. the North's committee for the peaceful reunification of. Korea said lippert's remarks were proof that. washington was intent on hostility. lippert was slashed in the face with a fruit knife by a south Korean man with a history of erratic
queen letizia, 42, attended a conference for rare childhood diseases. wore a white tailored suit with a blush-coloured silk top and woven clutch. mother-of-two delivered an address at the science museum, CosmoCaixa.
number of allergy sufferers is soaring and almost half live in daily fear. two thirds would not know how to help if they saw someone suffering. two-thirds also don't know how to use an adrenaline pen.
Tom Moffatt, 27, was meant to ink 'Riley' - the name of his four-year-old son. but instead of 'l', he started needling 'p' and had to urgently'scribble' also attempted to mark himself with Riley's nickname 'Sonny Boy' but ended up scratching 'Sony Boy' across his knuckles instead. makeshift tattoo took place in his living room with a £70 in
27-year-old demetri Nelson still had his victim's keys in his pocket when he was arrested Tuesday, several hours after the kidnapping attempt. deputies said Nelson broke into a 53-year-old woman's home and told her to give him a ride to a Manning avenue home. once they got there, Nelson told the woman to get into the trunk of the car.
Sally Jones, 45, ran away from her home in chatham, kent, to join ISIS. mother-of-two is seen leading al-khanssaa brigade in chanting session. experts say slickly-edited video is first'real evidence' of her involvement. she is believed to have set up home in terror group's de facto capital, raqqa.
Ellie, 10, and Taylor, 5, lost brother Harvey last year to mystery illness. when Easter approached they decided to donate eggs to hospital. kind strangers began to send eggs - and now there are more than 1,000. some donations have come from as far afield as the us.
alaa Abdullah esayed uploaded 45,600 tweets in less than a year. the 22-year-old encouraged children to take up arms and fight for ISIS. she pleaded guilty to encouraging terrorism and disseminating terrorist publications.
mitzi neyens, 77, was matched with a Philadelphia man after turning to the national kidney registry's paired exchange program. neyens was the last link in a chain of 34 kidney transplants. the last length of this chain began at the university of medical center in Baltimore when latwanya goslee donated a kidney on behalf of her brother who'd already received a transplant.
'blob' of warm water 2,000 miles across is sitting in the Pacific Ocean. since last June it has extended from Alaska to Mexico. it has been present since 2013 and causing fish to seek shelter elsewhere. and a new university of washington study says it could be responsible for droughts. a high-pressure ridge could be trapping heat in the water, causing the blob. it has been present since 2013 and causing fish to seek shelter elsewhere.
witness Robert kushner lost his varsity coaching job at a private academy after testifying this week about his years selling marijuana. he told jurors that some of the undercover officers on trial had stolen $81,000 in cash and 7 pounds of marijuana from him during a 2007 arrest. he testified that the 2007 charges were expunged as part of a probationary sentence. on cross-examination, he acknowledged that he was arrested again in 2011 and sentenced to four years of probation
Andre Cole, 52, became the third convicted killer put to death this year in Missouri. his fate was sealed after the u.s. supreme court turned down several appeals, including one claiming Cole was mentally ill and unfit for execution.
militants clash briefly with members of one of Yemen's largest brigades. they then seized control of the Riyan airport and moved to secure hold on the city's main sea port, which is also an oil terminal. the latest advance marks a major gain for al Qaida in the Arabian peninsula, as the Yemeni affiliate is known.
Hamdi ulukaya was once a Turkish immigrant with dreams of making it big in the u.s. food industry. his american-born ex, dr. ayse gitar, sued him in 2012 on claims her family lent him $500,000 that helped make his dreams a reality. on April 10, after years of wrangling and a pronouncement by Giray's camp just last month that the parties were no where near an agreement, Ulukaya
some patients were still alive as they were secretly placed into incinerators in hospital boiler rooms. details were revealed in the eight year investigation into what is said to be a multi-billion pound ‘organs-on-demand’ transplant programme. human rights lawyer and Nobel peace prize nominee David matas claims people are being killed for organs in china.
David King, 70, had not been seen for six months in rural caen, france. he retired from his job as an engineer in the uk 15 years ago. on October 27, he went to tea with friends and is thought to have got into an argument with one, aged 28. police sniffer dogs were taken to his hamlet and found his corpse.
photographer amos chapple travelled the world with a quadcopter in his backpack between 2012 and 2014. since then restrictive laws and regulations have been implemented across the world due to privacy concerns. 'there was a window of about 18 months where it was possible to fly these things anywhere and people were excited to see it,' he said.
Manuel delisle, the man accused of the road rage incident involving a chainsaw, has pleaded not guilty to armed assault on Tuesday. he allegedly threatened a family with a chainsaw in a fit of road rage after the family attempted to follow him to record his license plate. after the video was posted at 7pm on Sunday night it has been shared over 30,000 times and has over 1 million views.
Winnie, 19, was unveiled as one of the newest faces of fashion label diesel earlier this year. she suffers from vitiligo, the same rare skin condition that singer michael jackson was diagnosed with.
action-packed photographs were captured by Roger byng, 67, on the wetlands surrounding the severn estuary in slimbridge, Gloucester.
'i live in a constant state of depression. i think of us as turd miners. i put on my helmet, I go and mine turds, hopefully I don't get turd lung disease,' he said. 'watching these channels all day is incredibly depressing. i think of us as turd miners. i put on my helmet, I go and mine turds, hopefully I don't get turd lung disease'
doctor John Parker has tested negative for the deadly Ebola virus. he was taken to westmead hospital in Sydney's west on saturday. the humanitarian doctor had been working at an australian-run clinic in Sierra Leone since November last year. the world health organisation estimated more than 10,000 people have died from the deadly virus.
there is an insufficient supply of whooping cough vaccine in australia. however, medical professionals insist the shortage will not affect immunisation programs for babies, children and pregnant women. it comes less than a month after the death of 32-day-old Riley who died after contracting whooping cough. his parents Catherine and Greg are now leading a campaign, urging adults to vaccinate themselves and their children.
Ukip leader calls on conservatives to vote tactically for him in seats where they cannot win in order to help keep the tories as prime minister. he dropped demand that the tories ditch Mr Cameron before any post election deal.
when the singer headed out to eat at a restaurant in Santa Monica this weekend, she left her bra at home. the singer is one of a number of celebrities who are opting to ditch their underwear.
Becky handley, 20, discovered her father's crimes in a local newspaper. he was jailed for 13-and-a-half years at Birmingham crown court. now miss handley has disowned him and wants to change her name via deed poll.
Nathan priestley, 21, from Norwich, was dubbed 'Jabba the hutt' by bullies. he was so depressed over his size that he refused to leave his house for a year. took an overdose of 30 pills, but survived, ironically, because he hadn’t taken enough to defeat his massive frame. within two years, he had shrunk to 14 stone and is now a trim 13 stone.
judge Olu Stevens is facing calls to be sacked after he criticized a couple's victim impact statements and accused them of fostering racist stereotypes in their 3-year-old daughter. judge Stevens was sentencing Gregory.. Wallace to five years' probation after he and his accomplice, marquis. McAfee, robbed the couple's Louisville home in. April 2013. in victim impact statements, the couple called for him to be sent to prison and
'i think, worth noting that the Republicans seem to be talking only about me,' she told reporters in the liberal new hampshire bastion of Keene. she dismissed the swirling questions as little more than political attacks from Republicans eager to gain an early advantage in the 2016 presidential contest. she also took issue with economic views expressed by members of her own party, offering a dark assessment of a'stalled out' recovery.
four-foot (1.2 metres) tall bird is the most complete skeleton of a 'terror bird' - a group of flightless prehistoric meat-eating birds. it has been named Llallawavis scagliai - meaning. scraglia's Magnificent Bird after one of Argentina's famous naturalists. scientists have been able to study part of the bird's auditory system and its trachae. they say while it had
heart patients who expressed gratitude for the positive things in their life had better mental and physical health, a study found. patients who were more grateful had lower markers of inflammation, which can worsen heart failure.
the I'm UP alarm can be set to go off the night before. it will then only turn off if you physically get out of bed to scan a QR code. the code can be printed on mugs or fridge magnets to be kept in another room.
the pilot scheme will recruit 10 people with autism or asperger syndrome. they will be based at the firm's redmond offices in washington. if successful, the scheme could extend to more vacancies worldwide.
Henthorn was charged with murder of second wife, Toni Bertolet, last November. police have since reopened their investigation into the suspicious death of his first wife, Lynn Rishell, some 20 years earlier. both women died in 'freak accidents' to which Henthorn, 59, was the sole witness. in both cases he was the sole beneficiary of the women's substantial life insurance policies totalling $500,000 in the case of his first wife and $4.5million in the case of his second
the 47-year-old actress said the duchess is 'our generation's suffragette''she repeats outfits, which is brilliant,' she said. this is the first time the duchess has been lauded as a feminist icon.
uno, a three-week old kitten, and louie, a full-grown dog, were together at home in Spokane, washington, earlier this month.
Mario Valencia stole a rifle from a walmart in tuscon, arizona on february 19. he was able to start firing it as soon as he left, something that should have been impossible due to the gun locks that are required on all weapons. this after he demanded bullets from a woman inside the store guarding the ammunition case, who did as instructed and immediately notified authorities. when the gun was later recovered, it was discovered the wire was loose, and only wrapped through
up to 150 protesters took to the streets of Brisbane on saturday. the group has started spray-painting over offensive slogans. slogans include 'in every princess, there's a little sl*t who wants to try it just once' and 'i wouldn't trust anything that bleeds for five days and doesn't die'
William had'settled back in well' at school following his mother's death, inquest hears. on the day of his death, he asked his grandmother to bring him chicken nuggets. inquest hears he sprayed his mother's perfume and wore her bandana. his mother, Alison overton, died from leukaemia four months earlier. for confidential support call the samaritans in the uk on 08457 90 90 90
heavyweights, balla gaye 2 and Eumeu. Sene, competed in the crunch match dubbed 'Le Choc' at. demba diop stadium in the capital of dakar. after a brutal and closely fought encounter under the hot sun, the burly. Sene emerged victorious.
there has been a 14 per cent rise in the number of men opting to work part-time. this compares to a 4 per cent rise in women choosing part-time work. there are now 1.02million men in the uk who have opted to work reduced hours.
John Potter, from Savannah, has admitted forging the picture with his brother in the 1980s. he placed it in a frame which now holds a picture of his dead dog. in 1986 he fibbed that he was at a yard sale when he found the photograph in an antique frame. inscribed on the back of the frame, he claimed, was 'CSS Georgia'
only the lib dems had promised to add the lessons to the school curriculum. but last week labour, ukip and the green party added their support. it means the conservatives are the only major party not to make same pledge.
94,872 residents and 42,424 employees live within the tsunami hazard zones of the three states. also in danger are 486 public venues, 440 dependent care facilities and 2,314 businesses with a'significant customer presence' some communities can increase their chance of survival simply by walking faster.
the australian airline could also be facing a massive £20,000 fine. Qantas' on time performance rating at heathrow dropped to 75th out of 80.
the Countess of wessex wore a beret-style percher hat topped with large, dark plumes. princess beatrice, 26, opted for an unusual blue creation. autumn Phillips, 36, wife of the queen’s grandson, wore a floral dress. lady louise, 11, made up the four royal ladies.
former prime minister claims he has 'done British' and is now more interested in working at a 'global level' in interview with newsweek magazine. he earns millions of pounds a year from consultancy roles and charges fees of £250,000 for public speaking. since leaving number 10 in 2007, he has established up a complex network of companies, which make it impossible to calculate exact earnings.
Bryan morseman, 29, from bath, new york, started his streak at the Montgomery marathon in Alabama on march 14. he ran the tobacco road marathon in cary, north Carolina, the next morning because it was one the way home to new york. a week later he placed first at the Yeungling Shamrock marathon in Virginia beach. all of the winnings from the races will go toward medical treatment for his nine-month-old son, who has spina bifida.
police have identified 25 people who claim the labour peer attacked them. each could claim for up to £100,000 after the CPS dropped prosecution. one man allegedly attacked by Janner when he was living in a children's homes. he has already instructed lawyers to sue him and Leicestershire county council.
a 32-year-old man has been charged with administering a dangerous drug to a minor. he gave his critically ill daughter cannabis oil to help her fight a rare form of cancer called neuroblastoma. the toddler has an 11cm cancerous growth which is putting pressure on her internal organs. her mother, who is estranged from the father, does not agree with his actions. the father has spoken out in the hope that the government will rethink their cannabis laws and
president and his wife, michelle, paid more than $93,000 in federal taxes last year. they paid an effective tax rate of 19.6 percent, the returns show. the couple claimed nearly $160,000 in itemized deductions. they also donated nearly 15 percent of their income to charity.
Shae-lee shckleford, 28, lana kington, 25, and Madison Lloyd, 27, have travelled to the us to make appearances on chat shows. their original video, 'Bohemian carsody' and the follow-up,'mime through time,' have now garnered 260 million views across social media platforms.
Alexandra harra, 28, has been dubbed 'the Romanian Kim Kardashian' the life coach and author has a BA degree in creative writing and classics. she recently dyed her hair black to look more like the reality star.
stroke patients with damage to the right sagittal stratum - a bundle of white matter that lies between the cerebral cortex and subcortical structures in the brain - are unable to detect sarcasm. sarcasm used effectively can provide a devastating put down, but it can also be a great motivator. employees who have to put up with a sarcastic colleague or boss are more creative than those who don’t, a study has found.
Melissa left her home in north-west Sydney at 7:30am on last Thursday. she made her way to the hills sports high school in seven hills. however she never made it to class and her father reported her missing. police are holding out hope that she is with friends.
Marine le pen accuses her father of trying to sabotage her party's efforts to move into the political mainstream. 86-year-old founder of the far-right party defended previous comments describing nazi gas chambers as a 'detail of history'
the newest generation of beauty products will be personalised to meet all your particular needs. from bespoke mascaras and eyeliners to foundations and powders unique to you. eyeko's bespoke eye wardrobe in london's harvey nichols launched earlier this month.
flight from india to london took a holding pattern over turkey. passenger on board said engine was leaking and there was not enough fuel. medical emergency forced flight to return to where it had set out.
the move is an apparent attempt to delay the trial of 57-year-old Jane laut in the 2009 killing of her husband. laut claims she wrestled a gun from her abusive husband after he became intoxicated and said he was going to kill her after he killed their 10-year-old son and their dogs. her attorney called the prosecution's move 'unprofessional' and 'pretty much unprecedented' in a murder case.
gonville and caius college, cambridge beat magdalen college, oxford. law student Ted loveday answered 10'starter for 10' questions. his team had watched YouTube videos and researched possible questions. viewers were astounded by his general knowledge prowess.
soaring popularity of home coffee machines has led to increasing amount of waste generated by caffeine lovers. designer Eason Chow believes his new product could be the solution. involves covering coffee granules in milk powder then dipping the whole lot in sugar to create a revolutionary capsule with no waste created whatsoever.
Claire nugent, 43, and Nigel morter, 47, have been married for 14 years. they restored a 1940s airfield control tower in Norfolk and now run it as a b&b. they once bought a cast-iron bath on ebay only to discover it was still installed.
senators voted 19-0 to give the white house some of, but not all of its asks. they also left in a signature feature of the bill giving congress the authority to approve a final deal with Iran that the White house earlier implied may have been on the chopping block. it now goes to the full Senate, where it is could pass with a veto-proof majority of more than 66 lawmakers.
candice-Marie-fox was diagnosed with thyroid cancer in 2011. she underwent surgery and radiation treatment in december. when she returned to the doctors, her cancer had radically reduced in size and is now gone. she claims to have followed a nutritional program where she drank'morning juice', dipped into boxes of pineapples each hour and took vitamins. but bloggers have demanded 'irrefutable proof' that she cured her cancer 'with juice'
no other city in the world has as many buildings on the unesco world heritage list as barcelona. there's enough art and culture to keep you busy for a decade of weekend breaks, plus cracking food, colourful markets and plenty of places to party.
the tree was planted in January-wabash park in Ferguson, Missouri on Saturday. it was donated by the black caucus of the american library association. by Sunday morning, the branches had been stripped, leaving just a shard of the trunk. a second tree that was close to the brown memorial was also vandalized. it had been dedicated by a Ferguson resident to their dead pet.
millie-belle diamond, 14 months, has 115,000 Instagram followers. her mother set up an account for her when she was two months old. fashion labels and children's brands began gifting her with their latest products and she started earning up to $250 per post. millie-belle is the most followed baby under two in the world on Instagram.
Cressida Bonas, 26, is the new ambassador for the luxury fashion house. dancer shows off her moves in a new shoot for spring/summer 2015 collection. dated prince harry for two years before they broke up last year.
little catalina from america was filmed emptying out the contents of the kitchen cabinets at home. but when her father tells her to clean up her mess, she vehemently refuses.
'what must've happened to you in your life to make you want to kill a beautiful animal & then lie next to it smiling?' a furious Gervais tweeted. the picture of the grandmother-of-nine was retweeted thousands of times.
62-year-old was left homeless when the storms hit staten island, new york, in October 2012 - but she has now met the love of her life. couple met after they moved from new york to a trailer park in Connecticut, after they lost their homes in the disaster. they plan to spend their winnings on a new house.
the cocaine, valued by the coast guard at $424 million, was seized by u.s. and canadian forces in 19 separate incidents in the eastern Pacific ocean near central and south america. it included a 1012-ton bust from a coastal freighter, the largest maritime drug interdiction in that area since 2009. the u.s. navy and coast guard and royal canadian navy ships have seized more than 28 tons of cocaine valued at $848 million in the eastern Pacific region near central
Gemma the pit bull was filmed at home in california enthusiastically greeting a baby boy named Elliot with kisses.
Nikki Kelly started to feel cramps in her stomach after a long journey. 24-year-old thought she was suffering from period cramps. but when she made a dash for the bathroom she found she was in labour. she gave birth to son james in 'three pushes' on the bathroom floor. miss Kelly had no idea she was pregnant and kept size 8 figure throughout.
David zaslav was compensated $156.1million for his role as CEO of discovery communications last year. this thanks to the success of television events like shark week and his running of networks like OWN. a large portion of that money comes from stocks, with Zaslav receiving $144million in awards for his six-year contract. under his guidance, the company's market cap has grown from $5billion in 2007 to $20billion today.
Adriana Giogiosa, 55, was reported missing by her brother after he could not contact her at the house in Majadahonda, a suburb of Madrid. the landlord of the house, a 32-year-old man with a history of psychological problems, has been arrested. police also found a list of three other tenants who are also thought to be missing - prompting fears they could all have been murdered.
two 18-year-old men have been charged with 'conspiracy to commit acts done in preparation for, or planning, terrorist acts' it comes as a friend of the teenagers who are believed to the planned attack in Melbourne has revealed the moment they 'became radicalised' the man, who has not been identified, claims the death of numan Haider was the moment 'we all became more radical' the two alleged ringleaders of the plot reportedly attended Haider's funeral.
man posed as a member of congregation at church in the gorton area. thief sat down in a pew next to the 86-year-old for the Good Friday service. he then tried to steal the contents of two other elderly women's bags. police have released an e-fit image of the suspected offender. they are appealing to anyone who recognises him to come forward.
29-year-old had been playing the game all day for six to eight weeks. tore the tendon, an injury which is normally quite painful, but reported he felt nothing at all. doctors said case shows video games can numb people’s pain. this might be why some people play them excessively, and why some people become addicted or become injured while playing.
Marie d'argent claims she suffered vertebral disc trauma, whiplash and nightmares when the elevator at the Princeton complex dropped suddenly on October 9. the 55-year-old publicist says the fall also left her with a 'loss of libido','sexual discomfort and impairment' and 'curtailment of ­sexual adventurism' she recently filed a statement of claim at the county court of victoria to seek compensation for her injuries from the building owners'
mysterious hole has appeared on the outskirts of urumqi, in north-western china. video footage shows locals igniting branches and grass by pushing it to the rim. experts think the hole is caused by the layer of spontaneously combusted coal underneath the ground.
new drink-driving limit was cut from 80mg per 100ml of blood to 50mg. publicans fear the new law will have a greater effect on bars than smoking ban. publicans say it is stopping people having a tipple at lunchtime.
as a junior at jesuit high school in Dallas, the grateful golfer wrote the letter to the Murphy family who funded the scholarship that helped pay for his tuition. 'he's just a class guy in every way and it's difficult not to root for him,' said golf legend Phil Mickelson.
Alinea, run by the talented grant achatz has retained its crown as the best restaurant in the world, the annual poll by luxury magazine elite traveler revealed. the eatery, which is Chicago’s only three-Michelin-starred restaurant, is the brainchild of culinary prodigy grant achatz. the top 10 featured four american restaurants which are all in new york.
most australians are planning their mid-year getaways in Europe. seven out of the top ten holiday destinations are in Europe. number one on the list is the ancient city of athens in Greece. second on the list is Istanbul - the cultural and historical heart of turkey.
Paul bramley, 28, died when Andreas Lubitz locked captain out of cockpit. he then flew plane into a mountainside, killing all 150 people on board. but girlfriend Anneli tiirik, 23, said she did not blame co-pilot. she said: 'i cannot hate or blame someone for being sick'
prime minister will call the tories 'the party of working people' he will pledge discounts of up to 70 per cent to 1.3million families. the subsidy will be funded by forcing councils to sell off their most expensive properties when they become vacant.
air force jets blitzed compounds in the gedo region bordering kenya. it is the first major military response to last week's massacre at a university. 148 people were killed when gunmen stormed the campus on thursday. elite troops were called in from Nairobi to aid in the pre-dawn attack. but soldiers did not arrive until just before 2pm on saturday.
a man walked into a hospital in china and threatened a nurse with a knife. accident and emergency doctor Lin Xikun offered himself as an alternate hostage. he reassured nurse that he was not going to harm her - but she screamed in fear.
Barbie is the 96th image to come up on google images when you search for 'CEO' ironically comes from a 2005 spoof article that jokingly states 'women don't run companies' a new study from the university of washington found that results like these are indeed contributing to gender bias.
Kevin cooper and Trewen. kevern allegedly beat and left David alderson to drown. police originally thought 72-year-old had died as a result of a cycling accident.
Stephanie Scott was last seen at her workplace in Leeton, 550km west of Sydney, at 11am on Easter Sunday. at 12.59pm on sunday she sent an email from the school to a bus company arranging transport for her upcoming wedding. her parents plan to hire a helicopter to join the desperate search for their daughter.
peachtree city police chief William McCollom called 911 early new year's day to report inadvertently shooting his ex-wife, Margaret. the shooting left Margaret McCollom paralyzed below the waist. investigators found no evidence McCollom intended to harm Margaret. he was indicted on Wednesday on a misdemeanor reckless-conduct charge.
prisoner boasted about watching tv and showing off his muscles. he also encouraged friends to call him on his mobile - even though both phones and social media are banned in all prisons. it is the second such incident to emerge within two days, after another murderer was caught drinking prison hooch in a video he shared online.
many women spend hundreds of pounds a month on skincare products. but many make common mistakes every single day that could lead to their skin ageing faster. dermatologists shed some light on the classic mistakes women make. share their vital tips for ensuring you're getting the most from your regime.
Curt almond, 26, from bristol, spent £40 a week buying new boxers. he could slip into a new 'crisp pair' every day of the week. but after wiping out savings, he realised it was 'bankruptcy or boxers'. restaurant manager realised he needed to wean himself off his bizarre addiction. he has now reverted back to normal routine of wearing and washing his boxers.
ballyfin has been named the grandest hotel in Ireland by condé nast traveller. the 18th-century hotel is at the foot of the Slieve bloom mountains in the centre of the country. the high-profile couple travelled by Mercedes to the hotel during their first holiday as a married couple last year.
'kick and kill' strategy aims to eradicate virus by stimulating immune system. injection could flush out dormant HIV hiding in white blood cells. boosted immune system would then identify and kill the cells.
labour leader visited the Gurdwara – a Sikh temple – during campaign tour. but his team banned national media journalists from the event. worshippers were also banned from using cameras and phones to take pictures. davinder Singh, adviser to the sikh federation, said the attitude of the labour leader's team went against the ethos of his faith.
Sandra Malcolm's body was found at her home by her grandson. reports in south africa suggest the 74-year-old's attackers had mutilated her.
progressive education experts in the uk have long pushed for our system to emulate the group work and independent study that is popular in Finland. but a new analysis of Finnish education suggests pupil aptitude has actually declined since the country embraced fashionable teaching methods.
man drops down on one knee and places diamond ring on girlfriend's finger. couple then engage in passionate embrace by the food counter. video was shot in an undisclosed city in the us.
harrowing images of the killing are being shared by bloodthirsty supporters of the terror group on social media. one of those distributing the pictures is a man claiming to be a British militant fighting for the terror group. the gruesome photographs are understood to have been taken near Tikrit in Iraq's Salah al-Din province.
a six-year-old schoolgirl was seen plopping her head down on her book. prime minister isn't the only politician guilty of causing kids to cringe. shadow Chancellor Ed balls and labour leader ed miliband have also had their fair share of awkward moments with youngsters.
female solo-dwellers are being labelled as sad, lonely and socially isolated. a new study has shown that of these women, the majority have university degrees, reputable careers and healthy social lives. the affluent suburbs of potts point, rushcutters bay and Elizabeth bay make up nearly 60 percent of solo households.
Riddick bowe was once the world's best heavyweight fighter. he retired from the ring in 1997 with a rumoured $15million fortune. now he has found himself tweeting happy birthday messages and insurance adverts. the 46-year-old has shared the messages with his 450,000 followers.
Justin Whittington, 23, was arrested on friday in bakersfield, california. he was charged with child cruelty but his charge was changed to 'endangerment' on sunday he posted a message on facebook asking for his pregnant wife and son to be 'left out of this' he said: 'if god is real aunt ronda tell him to give my seat to my son'
Fraser Ross is embroiled in a legal dispute after his behaviour led the company running the kitson branch in los angeles airport to file a lawsuit to end their business relationship. it is alleged that the multi-millionaire is unhappy with the way the shops are being managed and has made his feelings clear to staff.
Hannah McWhirter, 21, engaged in ménage a trois with co-worker. she even exchanged texts with the couple after their threesome. but when her boyfriend found out she claimed she had been raped.
Keith Anthony Allen, 27, of Columbus pleaded not guilty to charges including rape, felonious assault and gross sexual imposition. he is accused of raping two 12-year-old girls since September and fondling a third girl. the assault charges allege he raped the girls while knowing he was HIV-positive and had consensual sex with a woman without telling her he has the virus that causes AIDS.
former soldier John young, 66, and his new wife were sat in front room. thugs began pelting his front window in Oldham with stones. when one brick smashed the glass, he opened his front door. but he was struck in the eye by another brick and is now blind in one eye. police have launched investigation but said there appears to be no motive.
a destroyer and two bombers entered the english channel yesterday. it forced the uk to send a heavily-armed frigate to monitor the vessels. just a few hours later, two bear bombers hugged British airspace. sources claim both incidents may have been an attempt to'snoop' on a huge Nato war games exercise taking place in scotland.
witness reported seeing front wheel of bike 'completely squashed' under lorry. today's incident was fifth death of cyclist in capital this year - all involving lorries. cycle campaigners organised a 'vigil and die-in' at the site today.
michael slager is charged with murder in the shooting death of 50-year-old Walter Scott. prosecutors say he is not eligible for the death penalty even if he is convicted. the death did not include any of a list of narrowly-defined 'aggravating circumstances' which state law says are conditions of the death penalty.
two billion people worldwide already supplement their diet with insects. entomophagy (eating insects) could have a positive impact on the environment and world hunger if crunchy exoskeletons could replace typical meat.
maarij khan and his mother are set to be removed from their home in Newcastle. the 11-year-old's 10-year-old brother died of meningitis last month. he was diagnosed with rhabdomyosarcoma, a type of childhood cancer. the home office denied their request to stay in the uk after their visa expired. now 3,500 people have signed a petition to allow the family to stay.
The Black Book of Carmarthen is the earliest surviving medieval manuscript written solely in Welsh. contains some of the earliest references to Arthur and Merlin. using a combination of ultraviolet light and photo editing software, the images were recovered.
family of italian woman killed in a horror car crash in Perth are pleading with the public to help them bring her body home to italy. on Easter Monday, 23-year-old martina riccioni and her friend Antoinettia caffero, 21, were involved in a head-on collision. they have started a crowdfunding appeal on 'go fund me' to raise up to $20,000 to transport her body. the appeal has already seen more than $13,000 donated by 3
graphic artist Zach Yonzon runs the bunny bakery cafe in the city of manila. he uses steamed milk and froth as the canvas upon which he creates his masterpieces. the tools of his unique trade include a spoon and a barbecue skewer.
real estate agents were invited to a fake haunted house in london. the house was rigged with special effects to give the appearance of a ghost. the unsuspecting agents were subjected to cruel, but hilarious pranks.
footage has emerged of a brawl between more than 70 teenagers. the brawl took place at the Serbian community centre in willawong. police were called to disperse over 200 teenagers just before 10pm. four people have been arrested over the incident.
eight-year-old boy taken to hospital after'sleeper' prank went wrong. the child was suffocated until he passed out from lack of oxygen. police in north manchester have now issued a warning to parents.
shelly sterling said she felt vindicated by the judge's ruling this week that alleged mistress v. stiviano must return $2.6 million in sugar daddy gifts. her husband had lavished his alleged girlfriend with gifts including a $1.8 million house, luxury cars and stocks - all while hiding them from his wife of six decades. but she insisted on Wednesday she didn't take them to court over the money.
Coronation street star and boyfriend spent four nights in the city. one of their first stops was to pay their respects to those lost on 9/11. they also went on the Bateaux new york cruise, which offers an unforgettable three-hour trip across the city.
the contraceptive is made with hydrogel, a strong and flexible solid. it can be made to feel and act like human tissue. the team behind the design won a grant for a next generation condom in 2013, giving them access to US$100,000 to use on research.
Jack Henry doshay, 22, appeared in court for the first time on friday as he pleaded not guilty to charges of kidnapping, false imprisonment with violence and child cruelty. noticeably absent from the court room were the suspect's parents, Karen and Glenn doshay, who are a minority owner of the San Diego padres. doshay was arrested on Wednesday, nine days after he allegedly tried to kidnap a 7-year-old girl from a local elementary
the two marques finished bottom of a 38-strong table judged on reliability. the most reliable was Honda, with Suzuki second and Toyota in third. electrical faults were the most common across all cars.
more than 1,200 people were arrested during a nationwide operation known as project wildfire. officials from homeland security and immigration and customs enforcement stormed properties associated with 239 crime syndicates. at least 913 have already been charged with a range of crimes including rape, murder and sexual assault.
Jackson byrnes, 18, has flown to Sydney for a risky operation. his family and friends have been desperately trying to raise $80,000 needed to pay the hospital upfront by Tuesday night. on monday they reached the target on their gofundme page. but his mother says the family needs an additional $45,000 to cover chemotherapy and other hospital fees.
Raghunandan Yandamuri, 29, was convicted in the grisly stabbing death of 61-year-old Satayrathi Venna and the suffocation death of her grandchild. he had served as his own lawyer before being convicted of murder. if his appeal keeps going the same way he would rather be executed immediately.
estimates suggest around 1,000 iOS apps are vulnerable to a flaw in connectivity software from AFNetworking. this includes Uber, Microsoft's OneDrive and Movies by Flixster. the flaw leaves any information, even if its sent over a seemingly secure Https connection, potentially open to hackers. it was first reported at the end of last month by security researchers Simone Bovi and Mauro Gentile.
Dave Roberts, 50, followed in his great-great-uncle's footsteps by leaping off the bridge over the river Tees. he said 'daniel, this one's for you' as he jumped - in reference to his great-great-uncle who died after leaping off the bridge in 1913. newspaper articles from 1913 about his death tell how he 'dived to his death' and drowned following an 'amazing act of bra
one-year-old Bol manyang, four-year-old twins madit and anger and their mother's car crashed into a lake in melbourne on april 8. the three children were laid to rest in tiny white coffins at a church in werribee on saturday morning. their cousin, Makokkuol, described them as 'three beautiful angels'.
the famous temple outside of Bangkok has been forced to shut. all 147 tigers must be handed over to the department of national parks, wildlife and plant conservation by friday or they will be seized. animal rights activists have been campaigning against the mistreatment of the big cats at the sanctuary for years.
the 40-year-old reveals in her new book that her then boyfriend Jerry 'flirted with and felt up' Rebecca Romijn at a party in 2004.
Ian Harris, 51, is a member of the Church of the Flying Spaghetti Monster. his followers, known as Pastafarians, regard the pasta strainer as a religious garment. he is challenging the DVLA over his rights to wear it in his photo. the father-of-one has already been turned down by the government agency. but he has sent off a fresh photo wearing the headgear in a second bid.
menu devised by event organiser and spiritual dog trainer Natty Mason. she worked with whole foods, and gluten-free trained chef Emily Stevenson. for £20 a dog, foodie fidos will be treated to the five-course tasting menu.
the 12-inch water main broke around 6:45pm at 13th street and seventh avenue in Manhattan, shutting down three train lines in both directions. around 500 riders were soon forced out of the subway. firefighters said as much as 2 feet of murky water, more than enough to reach the electrified third rail, had accumulated in some places before the water began to recede.
Ted Koran, 59, phoned the veterans suicide hotline on saturday night after his wife passed away from cancer. he was put on hold three times for 10 minutes at a time. the only reason he decided not to kill himself was to care for the 60 animals he and his wife looked after together. his experience highlights the increasing problems the VA is facing as it fights depression among ex-servicemen.
plastic surgeon was discovered hanged in his garage on sunday morning. police report says he was suffering suicidal tendencies for just 10 days. comes after claims that he killed himself after a 'bullying' Netflix series aired.
the 26-year-old is eight months pregnant with her first child. says being an expectant mum has been one of her toughest roles so far. put on a stone in the early stages of pregnancy and didn't look pregnant. says she's now 'craving stodge' and can't wait for her pregnancy to finish.
Sutherland council is exploring the idea of allowing overseas backpackers to park their campervans right on the beach. a motion was proposed by councillor Steve Simpson due to the economic boost the backpackers bring. many locals have already had a mostly negative response to the backpacker vans crowding the beachside streets. seasoned travellers spend $700 on eating out and shopping during a stay.
Christine Carriage, 67, admitted acquiring, using or possessing criminal property. police found 1,337 items of clothing, shoes and handbags in her bungalow. officers also found cash, drug paraphernalia and at least an eighth of a kilo of cocaine.
bolt of lightning spotted soaring from the top of a cloud before looping back on itself and striking the ground. image was captured over jaibru in australia by an off-duty emergency services officer who dubbed the phenomenon 'looping lightning' upwards lightning is possible, but is very rare - estimates suggest less than 1% of lightning travels in an ‘upwards’ direction. storm chaser Dan Robinson said 'looped' lighting may instead be a trick of perspective,
Carlos toro, 66, worked as a mid-level member of the medellin cartel in the 1980s when a confrontation with his boss caused him to flee from Colombia fearing for his life. he came to the u.s. and eventually began working for the DEA as an informant after providing information about a number of his former bosses and associates. he wasn't paid for work, but was told he would be rewarded with u.s.
three years ago, polio was almost completely eradicated in the country. but the Taliban declared the vaccine to be a 'bio-weapon' that would make children sick, and waged violent attacks against those found to be supplying it. mother-of-three farhina touseef is risking her life by leading a team of medics as they travel door-to-door offering the free vaccines to parents. she takes her life into her hands on every mission, unsafe in the knowledge
a stroll around new york's recently-built highline won't cost you anything. visit one of london's many free museums for a no-cost cultural fix. in switzerland, a visit to the zoo is a great way to save a buck.
father-of-one injected petroleum jelly into penis to make it bigger. but nine months later it became so swollen and inflammed he couldn't have sex. feared he would never be able to have more children as it was so painful. had to stop having sex with his wife as it was too painful. plastic surgeon said injecting petroleum jelly into the body is a very bad idea.
on Nov. 11, 2014, the headless body of a seven-pound-five-ounce infant was found in a trash heap in farmingdale, new jersey. now, more than five months later, authorities have released the sketch along with photos of evidence as they continue to investigate the child's death. the baby, who was named 'Emma grace' by a local church, was discovered by a recycling facility employee. investigators located the infant's head along with two blood-soaked blouses and
Tori hester, 25, from california, was diving in Cabo Pulmo, mexico. school of fish began circling above her and husband was on hand. he captured the moment using his underwater camera.
Tim McGraw is scheduled to headline a concert in support of a gun control charity. the concert will benefit the Sandy hook promise group, which formed in the aftermath of the Sandy hook elementary school shooting in 2012. anti-gun control commenters have said that the 47-year-old risks losing his career the same way the Dixie chicks never bounced back from criticizing president gw bush.
caitlin was born with hypoxic ischemic encephalopathy (hie) the condition causes brain damage when the brain does not receive enough oxygen or blood. she was placed in a special cooling wrap within 40 minutes of her birth. it allows the brain to cool down and minimises the damage from lack of oxygen. her parents, Nicola and Paul, want to raise £16,000 for additional cooling machines to help save other babies.
young boy cradles the goldfish and kisses it repeatedly in heartbreaking move. as the goldfish disappears from sight, he realises he will never see it again. mother, from canada, comforts him and he cries on her shoulder.
jurors have started deliberations in the case against a man accused of killing 6-year-old Etan patz, who vanished in 1979. assistant district attorney Joan Illuzzi-orbon said in closing arguments at the Manhattan murder trial of Pedro Hernandez. she asked jurors to convict Hernandez of murder, saying he was a calculated killer who committed a terrible crime and then spent three decades trying to hide from it. the defense says the admissions are made up, the ravings
aerial photographs taken above whitefish bay on eastern lake superior, ontario, show some of the freighters lined up across a frozen expanse. they are carrying a variety of goods from Canadian grain to us iron and steel but are being hampered by slabs of ice as big as pick-up trucks. ships desperately need a path cut through the lake by Canadian and us ice breakers, which have themselves been hampered by extreme conditions.
the men were taking part in a royal navy ice-hockey team tour of canada. they allegedly attacked a 21-year-old local woman at a drinks party. the assault was reported to police by the woman immediately afterwards. the men were led into court partially masking their faces under hoodies.
hadas, from eritrea, had 'the cut' when she was just a few months old. 'in my culture, it is believed when the vagina is cut, the desire to have sex is cut as well and that sex is only something a woman does with her husband to have children'
video taken in the forecourt of the sunoco gas station on north 5th street. shows five people, including two children, storming out of a minivan. one of the group takes out mace as the man is brought to the ground. they then stamp on his head and continue punching him as he lies motionless. encounter is believed to have been caused by a 10-year-old boy telling his mother the homeless man hit him - an allegation police have found no evidence of.
54 per cent of single women say the best part of being single is being able to go home and go straight to bed without being bothered. while 29 per cent of single men say the variety of sexual partners is what floats their boat. while more than half of the population claim finding ‘the one’ is their biggest priority in life, women seem to be 'all talk and no action' when it comes to finding'mr right'
former plumber from new zealand turns dead animals into unique works of art. he said he picked up his distinctive style after his family taught him about hunting and taxidermy on the farm he grew up on. he said he can understand why some people find his work 'a bit ungodly' but in his opinion, there is nothing worse than ‘art that doesn't affect you at all'
David Lammy said the SNP was a party labour could 'do business with' admission comes amid warnings from the tories that the SNP will hold labour to 'ransom'. polls suggest Nicola sturgeon's party are on course to win up to 50 seats.
alborz destroyer and bushehr support vessel sailed from bandar abbas. military bosses claim move is designed to protect Iranian shipping from piracy. it comes as Saudi Arabia continues bombing campaign to oust the houthi movement.
yassir ali, 29, was stopped by traffic police in Birmingham at 3.45pm on february 22. officers suspected the silver BMW 1 series may have been stolen. dashcam footage shows the car pull over to the side of the road. a man gets out of the passenger seat while he tries to block the squad car. the 29-year-old then flew through red lights and on the wrong side of the road. he was eventually caught when he lost control of the car
Toronto-born actor was best known for his role as Gilbert in the Canadian television drama film Anne of green Gables and two sequels. he was discovered as an actor when he was 17 years old in a high-school production of the wizard of oz.
boy, 11, was on holiday in burnham-on-sea with family from manchester. he walked across mudflats unaware of low tide and became stuck in mud. coastguard used hovercraft to bring him back to the beach unharmed.
the nephew of president john f. kennedy used the term last week while promoting a film that links autism to a chemical found in vaccines. on monday, following a storm of criticism, he publicly retracted his statement. 'i want to apologize to all whom I offended by my use of the word holocaust to describe the autism epidemic,' he said.
Tamara Pacskowska pretended to be 76-year-old Georgina Bagnall-Oakley. took daughter-in-law monika brzezinska, 34, along to help translate. today she was given a community order and made to pay costs.
in 1992, a drug enforcement agency program monitored every telephone call made from the u.s. to one of the up to 116 countries on their watch list for drug trafficking. the goal was to infiltrate drug trafficking rings, especially those that were previously unknown to members of the DEA and federal government. the program has since been discontinued, but was halted out of fear for public response should the details be revealed.
a woman in new york city was mocked after she purchased a cat camera that allowed her to watch her cats from work. on monday afternoon, a man crawled through a window and proceeded to steal her laptop, digital camera and jewelry from her apartment. unfortunately for the thief, the entire thing was caught on camera. the woman is now thrilled she purchased the camera and has handed the video over to police.
18-carat gold rectangular piece was a gift to Lord uxbridge. his stoic exchange with the Duke of Wellington after losing his leg has become etched in history.
Michelle heale of Tom's river, new jersey, was babysitting 14-month-old Mason. she claimed she was trying to burp him when he began choking on applesauce. but when she pulled him off her shoulder, his neck snapped backwards. he was flown to hospital and died three days later. a jury found her guilty of aggravated manslaughter and child endangerment. but she faces 30 years in prison after
Harvey Weinstein was spotted looking chipper and pleasant outside his new york city townhouse on Thursday. his designer wife, Georgina Chapman, has been hard at work creating her upcoming spring/summer 2016 bridal collection. she was joined in the design room by the couple's son dashiell on Thursday. two weeks ago, Weinstein was accused of groping an italian model during a business meeting.
football's anti-discrimination campaigners teamed up with Tempero and brandwatch to produce most detailed findings of discrimination online. an abusive message is directed at a premier league club or one of their players every 2.6 minutes. balotelli received 8,000 messages, with arsenal's Danny welbeck facing 1,700.
crystal o'Connor, owner of Memories pizza in Walkerton, indiana, said she stands by her decision to never cater a gay wedding. she also said that it is not a sin to serve gay people, but to 'put a stamp of approval' on their wedding. the pizzeria was forced to close after a local news reporter asked her why she did not support gay marriage. $850,000 has been raised for the business by supporters in just two days.
pensioner's concerns were put down to her having Alzheimer's disease. but her son, 47, had been slowly siphoning the money away. he spent it on luxuries for himself as well as everyday living costs. a £13,000 fee to move his mother into a care home had to be paid by council. he admitted theft and fraud involving £52,000 and was jailed for two years.
sprawling house built on the site of an old telephone exchange in Chelsea, west London, has been sold for £51million. but the stamp duty alone, paid on top of the price of the home, is enough for the Treasury to pay the annual salary of 330 nurses. spread across four floors, the house is 18 times the size of the average new home, with nine bedrooms, nine bathrooms and a cinema.
authorities said the body of the ten-year-old was found on Saturday around 1pm by searchers from a boy scout troop - about ten feet from the river's edge. crystal police chief Stephanie revering said authorities have electronic evidence that shows the boy's father, Pierre Collins, was in that area at the time the boy disappeared. police said on Sunday that the boy's father, 33-year-old Pierre Collins, is a primary suspect as the case becomes a homicide
inside abbey road is a new web app that takes users on an interactive, immersive and hugely detailed virtual tour of the studios. despite receiving around 500,000 visitors a year, the studio doors have been closed to those not recording ever since 1931. the studios hosted the world's first live global broadcast - from none other than the Beatles - as well as playing a role in the invention of stereo.
Miriam hit the campaign trail on her own today, as she 'just wanted to do her bit' for the party. she appeared alongside Lib dem home office minister Lynne Featherstone. the pair met the cast and crew of a short film examining the girls and gangs in london.
5ft 11in supermodel is the new face of maybelline new york. she was scouted at the sunglasses counter of primark in hammersmith. the 24-year-old says she suffered from incredibly low self-esteem.
child welfare authorities say the father of a three-year-old girl found alone near a suburban Chicago forest preserve left her in a trash can. a passer-by found the girl Tuesday evening along a roadside near the forest preserve in Prospect Heights. she was crying and waving her hands. the girl's father, 35-year-old faiz ikramulla, was arrested and charged on Thursday with aggravated kidnapping.
devoted waitress Judy eddingfield, 65, celebrated her 50th anniversary working at the classic burger restaurant last week. 'It's like my home away from home and I just love it here,' said Eddingfield. 'It's like my home away from home and I just love it here,' said Eddingfield.
the 13-year-old boy reportedly walked into the school armed with a machete and crossbow around 9.15am this morning. he is said to have launched the attack in his own classroom, targeting his female catalan teacher and her daughter, also a student at the school. the boy is said to have told classmates of his plans as recent as last week, but none had taken him seriously. the boy is undergoing a psychiatric examination will not face criminal charges because he is
the national park service and the secret service are recommending the addition of half-inch-thick steel spikes, angled away from the white house, to the existing fence. the spikes will be bolted on at the top for a year or more while an entirely new fence – as tall as 10 feet – is planned and fabricated. a sitting u.s. congressman suggested in November that the secret service would be better able to protect the president and his family if 1600 Pennsylvania avenue took
six greenpeace activists boarded the Polar pioneer on monday morning. they are protesting against the company's plans to drill for oil in the Arctic. the rig is under contract to royal Dutch shell plc. activists say they will not interfere with the ship's navigation.
legal adviser to Alison Saunders was barrister in same chambers as Lord Janner's son, it has emerged. cps confirmed director of public prosecutions consulted Neil Moore. he was a barrister at 23 Essex street where Daniel Janner worked. senior police officers have raised concerns about Mr Moore's involvement.
monitoring by. hebridean whale and dolphin trust teams has seen the number of encounters increase by 68% over the past 12 years. the dolphins come to the. hebrides in spring to take advantage of seasonal food stocks, travelling in large groups. and sometimes forming ‘super-pods’ of thousands of individuals. shift north could be creating new opportunities for the common dolphins to find food in new areas, but could increase competition between other types of dolphin.
note was spotted by twitter user PlattsiePlatts. in it the owner laments the fact that he has to go youth hosteling. in black pen he writes: 'this shop will be closed for 1 week'
researchers at the technical university of. Braunschweig, germany, showed for the first time that peppermint plants can take up high concentrations of nicotine from contaminated soils. the finding may explain why some spices, herbal teas and medicinal plants have high concentrations of nicotine in them, despite none being allowed in insecticides.
argentina has branded attempts to explore seas for oil ‘illegitimate’. claims it will mount a legal challenge – but has ruled out another conflict. comments sparked furious reaction from foreign secretary Philip Hammond.
investigators are examining computer belonging to co-pilot Andreas Lubitz. they believe he may have spiked his captain's coffee to force him into toilet. prosecutors believe he may have added chemical to captain's drink. he changed aircraft's altitude to 100 feet using autopilot before crash.
pamela and Joe arpaio joined together at the Maricopa county jail on Wednesday to promote the benefits of an all-vegetarian diet. the jail has been serving vegetarian meals to inmates for 16 months now. arpaio says cutting meat from the meals served to the more than 8,000 inmates has saved an estimated $200,000 per year.
albino bottlenose dolphin has been making waves at the Taiji whale museum in southern japan. it has a quirky tendency to turn pink when it's feeling angry, sad or even embarrassed. the pink tone is a result of the animals thin skin, which means its blood vessels can cause a change in skin tone depending on their emotional state.
eight-year-old's channel, CharlisCraftyKitchen, is the world's largest food channel. it earned an estimated $127,777 (AUD $163,893) in the month of march alone. celebrity chef Jamie Oliver only earned an estimated $32,261 (AUD $41,347) in ad revenue from his channel's 6.9 million views last month.
australian tv presenter, model and mother of two, Sophie falkiner reveals she has been cinching in her waist with girdles for ten years. the waist-trimmers, or 'girdles' as she calls them, are a trend that the Kardashians have recently attributed to their slim figure. she says she discovered the benefits while interviewing Hollywood plastic surgeons for a work assignment years ago.
lawmakers in Colorado and washington are considering what's allowed when it comes to making the concentrated marijuana at home. the proposals came after an increase in home fires and blasts linked to homemade hash oil. at least 30 people were injured last year in 32 butane explosions involving hash oil.
Xie Hong feng was found dead after falling five floors down a lift shaft. her three-year-old son has been accused of pushing her to her death. property manager Yang shao told police the 45-year-old had been pushed by her toddler son. but there is no CCTV evidence of the accident.
Lucy, the oldest and most complete fossil of an early human ever found, still has a few secrets to reveal. a new look at the ancient hominin's skeleton suggests one of the vertebrae bones may, in fact, belong to a baboon. the skeleton belongs to a species called australopithecus afarensis and is around 40 per cent complete.
MRV was developed at NASA's Johnson space center to show off the technologies that could let man move across other planets. unlike a normal car, the driver of an MRV relies completely on control inputs being converted to electrical signals. a turn of the steering wheel is recorded by sensors and sent to computers at the rear of the vehicle. these computers interpret that signal and instruct motors at one or all four of the wheels to move at the appropriate rate, causing the vehicle to turn as commanded.
Hattie gladwell, 19, underwent surgery for ulcerative colitis. had her colon removed and an ostomy bag fitted into her small intestine. shares her experience on her blog morethanyourbag.com. reveals what it's like to wear a bikini for the first time. reveals how having sex with a bag has affected her mental health. hopes to rid the stigma around those living with a stoma and a bag.
velella velella are easily blown to the shores of Oregon, California and Washington thanks to a small blue sail on the tops of their bodies. they are covering beaches including seaside, manzanita, astoria and rockaway beach. the purple-blue creatures are not harmful to humans but will begin to smell fishy as they begin to decompose and will likely be gone within days.
the miniature chocolate amphibians weighed a plump 20g two years ago - before they dropped to 15g, will now weigh just 12g. the downsize is just the latest product to feel the pinch in the declining confectionery world.
the system will be able to spot and track drones, then shoot them out of the sky using a 30kw laser. some of the system's components already have been used in tests to detect and track UAVs of all sizes. researchers will test the entire system against targets using a 10kW laser as a stepping stone to a 30kW laser later this year.
Matthew weathers is a maths teacher at biola university in la mirada, california. he often posts videos of himself tricking his class on his YouTube channel. in this clip, he announces to his class that they can look up the answers in one of his many helpful videos. the teacher watches a bit of the video before noticing that the content is backwards.
Janet brown was found naked, gagged with packing tape and handcuffed. her naked body was dumped at the foot of the stairs of her family home. the 51-year-old nurse's two daughters described her as a 'loving nurse' detectives believe new DNA evidence could help solve the mystery.
social media users noticed that the 22-year-old had given her razor a night off. one user commented: 'Miley Cyrus doesn't shave her armpits and that worries me' another user added: 'Armpit hair is disgusting, please shave miley Cyrus'.
relationship counsellor says a renewable 'wedlease' would work better. couples sign a contract to be together for 'two, three, four or more years' at the end of the contract period, the couple decide whether they want to go their separate ways.
a wastewater facility in Greeley, Colorado, went up in flames on friday after a fracking tanker was hit by lightning. the fire began when lightning struck a water storage tank, launching it into the air. the water contained traces of hydrocarbons and petroleum as a result of hydraulic fracturing, which ignited. no one was injured, but the facility has likely been destroyed.
sasha, 14, was spotted with white earbuds in her ears as she, sister Malia and their parents ditched the white house for an impromptu trip to great falls park in Virginia on Sunday. the unscheduled trip came after the white house had sent reporters home for the day, sending the presidential press pool into a temporary tumult. 'Obama abruptly left the white house about 15 minutes ago on unscheduled trip. destination unknown,'
a new exhibition at the museum of the city of new york marks the 50th anniversary of the city's landmarks law. the exhibition, Saving place, highlights what is widely seen as a watershed moment in the city's preservation movement. the 1963 demolition of the old beaux arts-style Pennsylvania station to make way for Madison square garden helped lead to the creation of the landmarks preservation commission. the law was signed by mayor Robert Wagner on April 19, 1965, and upheld by the supreme court in 1978.
paddy power appear to make light of recent police shootings on african-americans. bookmakers published tweet ahead of Liverpool's clash with Newcastle tonight. it was accompanied by a smirking picture of Liverpool boss Brendan rodgers.
the 21-year-old singer argued with security after being stopped at the artists' entrance where Drake was performing at the event in Indio, california. a video appears to show Bieber being put in a chokehold and escorted from the area. the drama unfolded on Sunday night when the pop star and his entourage tried to gain entry to Drake's gig. they showed they had proper wristbands, but were told by bouncers that the area was at capacity
staff attorneys at the U.S. justice department's antitrust division are nearing a recommendation to block a $45.2 billion merger with time Warner cable. they are concerned that such a merger would harm consumers and they may submit their review against the merger as early as next week. the final decision will be made by senior officials.
defense attorney had filed a petition to have 14-year-old Jamie Silvonek returned to the juvenile facility where she was sent the day after the body of 54-year-old Cheryl Silvonek was discovered last month. the teenager is charged as an adult with homicide and criminal conspiracy. her boyfriend, 20-year-old Caleb Barnes, who is from el paso, texas, is charged with homicide.
medical incident officer was usually deployed to major disaster zones. he joined the team caring for patients at the Worcestershire royal hospital. it came as the west Midlands ambulance service demanded action.
redheads everywhere are doing well, according to actor Damian Lewis. prince harry transformed from a cute ginger kid into a bona fide hot-haired hunk. Julianne Moore has embraced her natural colour and hopes to help young reds do the same.
little Zane Gbangbola died at home – in the middle of the night – after being poisoned by gas. for months after his death, police and other official agencies ruled out fears that deadly fumes had come from a nearby landfill site. but now damning evidence proves authorities knew for 14 months that hydrogen cyanide gas capable of killing him had leaked into family's home. documents uncovered by the mos also revealed no traces of carbon monoxide had been detected
Swedish scientists analysed more than 10,000 families with children aged two to 14 who did not have the condition. they looked at whether there was any family conflict, change of family structure, interventions from social services or unemployment. 58 children were diagnosed with type 1 diabetes.
image shows 'ribbons' of sand and patterned stripes known as linear dunes in the Erg Chech, a desolate sand sea in southwestern Algeria. the colours were caused as rays of sunlight hit the sand and were reflected off. the dunes have also been known to merge and form so-called 'Y-shaped compound dunes'
tunnel was wired with lights, ventilation and what appears to be a cart system by the gang of drugs runners. route had not yet crossed the border but if left undiscovered it would have surfaced somewhere just inside u.s. territory.
in the annual meeting that attracts more than 70,000 people, CEO Wayne laPierre celebrated the republican majority in the u.s. Senate as evidence of the group's political clout. laPierre declared that nobody'should be forced to face evil with bare hands' as he called for handgun licence-carriers to carry their weapon in every state.
Ann malsbury, 22, of coventry, battered ex-partner with saucepan and hair straighteners. jumped on ex's back and wrapped white iPod lead around his neck. then armed herself with large carving knife and stabbed him several times. was charged with attempting to inflict gbh with intent to cause serious injury. but was cleared of this after plea of guilty to alternative offence of affray.
Daniel pena had spent hours planning the perfect way to ask his girlfriend to the prom. unbeknown to his girlfriend, he had erected a series of signs along the route. they read: 'Alex. will. you. marry. LOL jk. go to. prom. with me' the final question mark was hidden in the car ready for the teen to ask her in person. but the romantic mood quickly turned sour when she misunderstood.
f1 racer sprayed champagne at grid girl after winning the Chinese grand prix. but 23-year-old hostess, who has a degree, said she wasn't offended by stunt. 'i was just told by my employer to stand on the podium, and that’s what I did' campaigners have called on the driver to apologise to the graduate.
footage shows three-year-old Luiz Antonio from brazil being presented with a fanciful dish of octopus gnocchi at the dinner table. but instead of digging into the seafood feast he starts asking where the tentacled creature set before him came from. his mother reassures him that she only cooked using the octopuses 'little legs chopped'
the sailors were stationed or had been stationed at the west australia port of HMAS stirling off the coast of rockingham, south of Perth. their families did not learn of their previous attempts to take their own lives and their drug use until after their deaths. it was revealed that ice taking, binge drinking, bullying and depression was rife within the ranks of the navy.
Duncan Burton, 57, was released in November 2012 after 14-years behind bars but was allowed to work for Uber despite city controls prohibiting drug felons driving cabs. according to Uber's official background check policy they only review sentences passed down up to seven years ago. Burton did not have a city permit to drive a cab and had never applied for an exemption.
prime minister Tony Abbott skolled a schooner of beer at an australian rules function. he was cheered on by a crowd of about 50 as he downed the schooner. anti-drinking campaigners said he was glorifying binge drinking. 'it sets up a culture that drinking isn’t about socialising with friends, it’s about how quickly and how much you can drink,' said cultural studies professor Julie Robert.
Libby Jane was playing in a tunnel at a children's park in Chorley, lancashire. toddler was pounced on by the pet, which left her with two puncture marks. her father kicked the dog away from her before the owner fled the scene. miss Wilson says the dog's owner didn't check if her daughter was hurt.
Evelin Mezei, 12, was last seen by her mother in Stratford, east london. she was spotted on cctv with an unknown man at 10.30pm yesterday. but she was traced this morning and is said to be'safe and well'
Kenneth Morgan Stancil III, 20, was arrested around 1.30 a.m. on Tuesday when he was seen sleeping on a beach in daytona beach, florida. the arrest came nearly 24 hours after he allegedly walked into Wayne County community college in goldsboro and shot dead the print shop director, Ron Lane. Lane, who had worked at the college for 18 years, had supervised Stancil under a work-study program but is believed to have recently fired him. his
Sarah and husband james Brady crusaded against gun violence after he was shot during an assassination attempt on former us president Ronald Reagan in 1981. the Brady campaign and center to prevent gun violence said they were 'heartbroken' at the news of her death.
labour leader was widely criticised for robotic performance in leaders' debate. now it has emerged he was reading from motivational notes during clash. cribsheet prompts him to turn a ‘negative’ into a ‘positive’. reveals he had planned a number of put-downs he used on david Cameron.
the four sisters at the centre of australia's largest abduction case have come through the ordeal as happy and well-adjusted children. despite being embroiled in the very public and traumatic feud where the girls were dragged kicking and screaming from their mother's home in 2012, the girls have established healthy and happy lives in italy. 60 minutes reporter Tara brown interviewed the two eldest girls, Emily and Claire, who she described as elegant, gracious, reserved and studious
15 men arrested on suspicion of'multiple aggravated murder motivated by religious hate' last week 12 Christians from Ghana and Nigeria were allegedly thrown off a rubber dinghy into the Mediterranean sea. survivors from the boat, made up of 105 migrants, have now claimed the men tried to throw other Christians off the side of the vessel after an argument about religion. but they were prevented because they huddled together to create a human chain.
sources claim at least three supervisors were removed from their posts when they refused to sign off on forged field training hours. the claims come in the same week that billionaire reserve deputy Robert Bates turned himself in to face charges of second-degree manslaughter for the death of 44-year-old Eric Harris.
'i'm chilling in Istanbul,' abdirahman sheik mohamud wrote a high school friend on facebook. 'just a vacation.' but federal prosecutors say he was actually being instructed to carry out a terrorist act in the united states. before traveling from the united states to Syria, mohamud. had posted material on social media promoting symbols of the. Islamic state militant group.
Shane Dunn, 25, stabbed Ian garrod, 55, in the neck with a kitchen knife. he was high on class a drug mephedrone when he carried out the attack. thug, calling himself 'gypsy lad', was said to be 'cool as a cucumber' during attack. he left victim in fear of his life, before fleeing with victim's wallet, iphone, iPad and jewellery.
jade Ruthven, 33, of Perth, western australia, was shocked when she found the scathing note criticising her for posting too many photos of her six-month-old daughter. 'we are all SO OVER your running commentary on your life and every single thing addy does,’ the letter begins. the author claims the rant was written on behalf of everyone who views jade’s facebook posts.
last year saw more than one million albums sold on vinyl for the first time in almost two decades. sales are expected to hit two million this year and, in recognition of this trend, the UK’s first official weekly vinyl chart has been established. the inaugural top spots in the album rankings and the two top places in the singles list have been claimed by noel gallagher.
a 39-year-old man allegedly impregnated his 17-year-old stepdaughter who gave birth alone at home while looking after her three-year-old sister. Jondrew lachaux, from las vegas, is married to the teenager's mother 38-year-old Kellie Phillips. while they were away, the teen gave birth in her mom's bed - she did not have any medical help and did not take the newborn to the hospital. the
the first print ad features images of various female american apparel employees, who are identified by their first names and their start date at the company in small print below their pictures. 'women have always been in charge at american apparel,' the ad reads. 'women make up 55per cent of our global workforce (sorry, guys) and an even higher percentage of our leadership and executive roles. this structure is incredibly (and unfortunately) rare in the corporate world,'
kamron taylor was captured in south side, chicago, with a loaded gun. police received a tip off describing a man with the name 'Gertrude' tattooed to his neck. he was being held on weapons charges until he can be turned over. had been waiting to be sentenced for murder of Nelson wilson, Jr. shouted at victim's family in court: 'i'm going to get you mother*******
help for heroes has launched a fundraising drive to keep former prisoner of war Robert Clark in his own home in north west london. the charity has already given him an emergency grant to fund his immediate care needs. but they are now seeking the public's help to secure his future.
Max verschuuren, 21, was shot in the back with a.270 rifle. he was on his way to a felled deer in the Te urewera forest, north island. 'i thought, "oh s***", and had all this blood dripping down my back,' he said.
major general james post III was the vice commander of air combat command. he told a group of airmen that talking to congress amounted to 'treason' his words may have had a 'chilling effect' on some of them, convincing them not to speak with lawmakers. the incident added fuel to a controversy over efforts to retire the plane.
australia's answer to lara croft is live streaming call of duty. the 28-year-old has more than 45,000 followers on streaming platform twitch. she used to work in hospitality, but has now given up her job to play games.
Avoca beach in the central coast, about 95kms north of sydney, resembled something from a horror film on Tuesday. the entire beach, right up to the top of the walkways, was covered in a grotesque yellow foam. wild winds and relentless thunderstorms continue to batter the state. 'it's foam that has been swept off the top of the waves because the water was so churned up and its mixed with sand - it
Cameron hooker, 61, was handed a 104-year sentence in 1985 for the kidnap, torture and rape of colleen stan. the case made international headlines and Stan was known as 'the girl in the box' after it was revealed she was forced into a coffin-like structure for 23 hours a day. despite hooker's century-long jail term, he was allowed to request parole seven years earlier than under the normal rules. but the parole board
the veteran host was attempting to warm up the studio audience on Monday. he fielded the first query of the night from a college employee. he said: 'treat a lady like a wh–e, and a wh–e like a lady' but the joke received a frosty reception from the stunned crowd.
the average listener spent just ten hours a week tuning in to radio. this was 14 per cent down on a decade earlier, when listeners clocked up an average of 11.6 hours a week. sources blamed the downward trend on people leading faster-paced lives.
minute-long clip shows the S300 rocket barely managing to take off. a small thud can be heard and bits of debris fly off as it launches. seconds later, the rocket goes out of view as whoever is filming takes cover.
Alan Barnes, 67, was knocked to the ground by mugger Richard gatiss. he was too scared to return to his home in gateshead, tyne and wear. crime led to a fund being set up by local beautician, which raised £330,000.
staff can tuck into a fine-dining meal at Yeo valley's headquarters in north Somerset for as little as £2. all made from organic and locally sourced food prepared by executive chef Paul Collins, who has spent 20 years working at various Michelin-starred restaurants. menu changes on a daily basis and includes beef burger with tomato, gherkins and red onion in brioche bun.
roman Ehrhardt was secretly completing a project, in which he had to violate a societal norm. but that didn't stop his unknowing peers from relishing in his outrageous act.
chase Culpepper, 17, who was born male but identifies as female, was told by officials at a DMV office in Anderson, south carolina, to remove her make-up for her license photo last year. after a legal battle, the policy has been changed and miss Culpepper was allowed to take a license photo with make-up and jewelry. under the terms of the settlement, the state DMV is changing its policy on how male and female license applicants may dress or wear makeup in their official
general martin dempsey, chairman of the joint chiefs of staff, wrote off the city as 'not symbolic in any way' in a briefing last week. his remarks outraged mother Debbie Lee, whose son Marc was killed in Ramadi in 2006. she posted an angry open letter on the website for a charity she set up to help servicemen and honor her son.
former first minister boasts he would write labour's first budget. boasts that the snp would hold the balance of power in the uk. 'i knew that already - because i'm writing the labour party budget,' he says. he also jokes that he would 'check his top pocket', a reference to a tory election poster showing a miniature Mr Miliband in his breast pocket.
the duke and duchess of cambridge's favourite childrenswear brands are hoping to cash in on the arrival of their second child. if prince george's first year - which boosted the economy by £247m - is anything to go by, anything that the second-born touches will turn to gold. a little girl could bring in £150m for the british economy.
Mikki Nicholson stepped in front of train after suffering verbal abuse. the 36-year-old had planned to move to Newcastle, where people were more accepting. but she changed her mind months before death after being told she risked homelessness if she left her social housing. for confidential support call the samaritans in the uk on 08457 90 90 90, visit a local samaritans branch or click here.
wannabe singer claims she was 'inseparable' with the actress as a child. claims she was 'envious' of her pet hen and that she stole it 25 years ago. says being in close proximity to Kunis has 'brought back all the bad memories'
jaclyn methuen, 30, and her husband of two years, 29-year-old Ryan Ranellone, were brought closer together by process on last night's episode. the newlyweds spent their first night in their new apartment in astoria, queens, sharing a bedroom.
white bread and pasta have been seen as the enemy of slimming down. but doctors are concerned that people are cutting whole food groups out of their diets, especially healthier options like wholegrains. australian dietician and nutritionist susie burrell agrees with the research that points to white bread and heavily processed carbohydrates as contributors for weight gain.
the 25-year-old handyman and his girlfriend, who is four months pregnant, were named in a league table of complaints made to 311. the apartment block in bay ridge, new york, has 59 separate apartments. the woman who was complained about was spoken to by police today. she said: 'i'm doing what I'm doing in my own apartment. I'm not hurting anyone'
the one-month-old is seen screaming and crying until her doting dad tries out his terrifying impersonation. in a new video posted online, the wriggling baby seems to doze off as soon as Thomas 'Buddy' starts his deep breathing technique. the crackling, deep-sea type sound is reminiscent of what Madison might have heard in the womb just a month earlier.
a new york man has been caught on camera catcalling women in the street – completely oblivious to the fact that the interview is meant to highlight the horrible and derogatory culture of catcalling. 'Sometimes, you know, you gotta call a girl,' says the man, who is wearing sunglasses and a t-shirt with a logo of what appears to be the playboy bunny with a marijuana leaf for ears. when asked how he would call a
prime minister and outgoing leader of the commons will launch manifesto. english document follows traditional Scottish, Welsh and northern Irish manifestos. centrepiece will be pledge to introduce 'english votes for english laws' - giving english MPs effective veto over legislation.
Sacha whitehead, 26, received donations after posting a call to action on facebook. the financial adviser spent the night with her sister Lexi handing out the generous contributions to the homeless. whitehead was spurred into action after reading a friend's facebook status about how the homeless would be suffering through the storm.
two millionaire people traffickers have been heard mocking migrant boat disasters. one, an Eritrean called Mered Medhanie, was heard laughing on a police wiretap. another, Ermias Ghermay, thought to have made £72m with Medhanie.
Joseph Oberhansley, 34, is charged with murder and abuse of a corpse in the death of 46-year-old Tammy Jo Harbin Blanton last september. on tuesday, prosecutors asked for rape to be added to those charges and a judge will consider the request on may 4. Oberhansley was convicted of manslaughter in the 1998 shooting death of his then-girlfriend, 17-year-old Sabrina elder.
dozens of people visited the hotel earlier this month came down with vomiting, diarrhoea and other symptoms of the highly-contagious airborne bug. health officials said it is believed that 100 people have been affected by the so-called 'winter vomiting bug' owner James Kimber has issued an apology to guests and staff, and has vowed to steam clean the venue.
a recently unsealed affidavit reveals that translator Xiaoming gao was accused of sharing government information with an alleged spy. in the affidavit, an FBI agent claims that gao was paid 'thousands of dollars to provide information on u.s. persons and a u.s. government employee' the affidavit also revealed that gao lived with another state department employee who had top-secret clearance. the two met numerous times over
Alice Liveing, from buckinghamshire, began her clean eating journey a year ago. she now has more than 102,000 followers on Instagram thanks to her recipes. she also uses the LDN muscle bikini guide to show off her toned arms.
Elijah McKenna suffered two wide, bloody gashes on his back of his head and numerous deep bite marks all over his face and body. if it were not for his 9-year-old sister, alyssa, the special-needs boy most likely would have been dead. 'i was terrified, but I saved his life,' said alyssa.
Amber Anderson, 27, was arrested on suspicion of having sex with a 15-year-old freshman two years ago. she has admitted to the relationship and apologized for 'taking the victim's innocence' she had been a math teacher at the school for three years and the alleged relationship took place during July and august of 2013. the victim told police that he and Anderson had exchanged sexually explicit text messages and later had sex at her home.
the best-selling author is on a mission to spread her colourful ethos with her new style bible, aptly named Colour. she says walking into her own colourful home gives her a'squishy feeling of contentment' everyday.
Tidal's $19.99-a-month app launched in new york on 30 march. following the launch the app jumped to 4th place on the iOS music chart. but it now ranks at 51 in the music category and 872 overall. in the uk the situation is worse, with the app ranking at 92 in the music category and disappearing from the overall app list entirely.
Gwyneth and christopher's amicable split is refreshing. there are lessons to be learnt from the couple. put your children first. don't criticise their new partner. don't criticise your ex's new partner.
Amanda Berry and Gina dejesus have written a book, hope: a memoir of survival in Cleveland, which will be released on April 27. they recalled the years of rapes, torture and psychological games at the hands of ariel Castro, a man who lived close to their homes in ohio. he lured them into his house with trust because his daughters were the girls' friends, and raped and tortured them for a decade. the brave survivors have
Karen buckley, 24, went missing after a night out with friends in glasgow. her remains were found dumped in a field after a four-day hunt. judge implied she had been drinking heavily on the night of her death. but her friends say she only had a few drinks before leaving a club. he said: 'it's very, very worrying how young girls put themselves in such very, very vulnerable positions'
Natalie fuller, 28, suffered from bipolar disorder and psychosis. she died when she stepped in front of a train in Baltimore, Maryland, last month. in the wake of her death, fuller has revealed how her illness worsened. she said:'she was the bravest person i have ever known, and her suicide doesn’t change that'
prime minister made comment as host Phillip Schofield moved on to next item. co-host Amanda holden burst out laughing at remark as programme went to ads. in interview, pm admitted 'close election' means he is not seeing family.
scientists have found a system of priming the body’s immune system. it can recognise, attack and kill off cancerous cells in lung, skin and bowel tumours. survival rates in mice were boosted by more than 50 per cent. scientists are now recruiting patients with skin cancer for first human trial.
department store will be holding a 75 per cent designer sale from Wednesday 22nd. the sale will see a departure from premium price tags in order to make way for the latest collections in store. the move comes at a time when there is a greater need than ever to bridge the gap between online and overseas retailer pricing.
O'Shae smith told judge he shot a rival gang member for being 'in his hood' judge lila statom had no problem telling him the area didn't belong to him. 'it's the citizens of the united states who own that because they work and pay taxes, you don't own that,' she said. 'it makes me upset because there are people that live in east lake court who get up and go to work every day. they take their
long-haul travellers have never had more choice when it comes to making the most of a layover. from sun salutations in san francisco to drinking at a swim-up bar in a hot spring in Iceland, airports are offering ever more diverse activities.
courtney brain, 16, was taken out of lessons at Skegness academy for appointment. stunned upon return to class to be told she must make up missed time. mother criticises'mind-boggling' decision and accuses school of being 'unreasonable'
police and bomb squad called in after drone spotted by prime minister's staff. four-propeller, 50-centimeter wide drone was equipped with a small camera. found to contain small traces of a radioactive material, according to police.
the prime minister's wife was campaigning in west yorkshire with alec shelbrooke. visited the growing zone, an allotment garden project for special needs. she picked up a paintbrush to help paint a wooden plant stand.
the Anthem of the seas, which has 16 decks and can carry almost 5,000 passengers, towered over the Explorer of the seas. the cruise liners, which are both owned by royal Caribbean, will both be based in Southampton this summer. after the summer, the Anthem of the seas will move to new york and will sail regularly to Bermuda, the Caribbean, canada and new england.
much of the comic book film, Avengers: age of ultron, was shot in Seoul. the country's culture ministry agreed to cover a third of filming costs. it was on the agreement the republic of korea is shown as 'high tech' and'modern'.
pennie Davis, 47, was found dead in a paddock in the new forest last year. her boyfriend, hitman Justin Robertson, was paid £1,500 to kill the mother-of-five. his girlfriend, 24-year-old lian Doyle, agreed to hide his trainers. she thought he had worn them to commit a burglary and hid them in rubbish. but when she realised they were evidence in a murder inquiry, she confessed.
police seized three million condoms - thought to be worth £1.3 million. lubricating oil used on condoms at one production line made officers sick. heavy metals are toxic metals such as mercury, lead and arsenic. condoms were packaged as popular brands such as durex.
radio host has started a personal crusade to help remove the stigma attached with IVF treatment. she posted a blog post titled 'are we embarrassed of IVF?' where she detailed how she was undergoing the treatment. the 33-year-old married her fiancé at Byron bay in a small and intimate ceremony on November 20. but her efforts to have a baby have been thwarted because she suffers from endometriosis.
Reading scientists say chewing gum helps you forget a song. in a study people were less likely to think about it when chewing. and they were a third less likely to 'hear' it when chewing gum. the results suggests same technique could stop other intrusive thoughts.
a firefighter used a thermal imaging camera to locate a potential heat source. passengers were kept on the plane for about 45 minutes. a delta spokesperson said the flight crew noticed a ‘smoky odor in the cockpit’ while taxiing to the gate.
the 26-year-old has only once tried to conform to a regular nine-to-five desk job at a travel agency. he has made a career out of travelling the globe as the broke backpacker, recording his adventures in his blog. for just $100 he received a stack of money totalling over 1000 bills.
migrant Emmanuel sithole was stabbed and beaten by four men in Alexandra township near Johannesburg on saturday. pictures of the attack sent shockwaves around the world, with some accusing the journalist of not doing enough to prevent his death. photographer james oatway said it was vital for people to see the brutality of the anti-immigrant protests. he also told how he desperately tried to save the victim by taking him to a nearby medical centre
the duchess of cambridge's baby is due today or tomorrow, sources say. the 33-year-old revealed her baby is due'mid to late April' during a visit to london last month. the 25th is widely thought to be the duchess' due date. but palace sources say it has never been officially confirmed as such.
Oscar-winning actor posted on social media that a 'benjamin cole' of georgia was the relative dropped from the show about his family history. the admission came the day after he apologized for lobbying for the removal of the truth about his family past from finding your roots.
cruise ship Carnival spirit finally docked at overseas passenger terminal this morning. the ship was stranded at sea for two days after it was battered by storm. huge waves as high as 40 feet smashed glass panels and shattered plates and cups. pilot finally boarded the ship this morning and it docked at around 10am. holidaymakers were due to disembark the ship on tuesday morning.
the queen presented the duke of edinburgh with the insignia of his australian knighthood. the citation recognises the 93-year-old's long service to the monarchy. it comes despite significant criticism of australian prime minister tony abbott.
in total six tigers, a bear, a lion, a cougar, a black leopard and a liger (part lion, part tiger) were taken from Kenny hetrick's farm. it was found he did not have the correct permit and cages were 'unsafe' authorities have also started cracking down on the owners of wild creatures.
Loretta burroughs, 63, sobbed as relatives of her late husband, Danny, talked about the horror of losing him and finding out she chopped up his body. she was arrested in may 2013 after his body parts were found inside the guest bedroom closet of the Ventnor, new jersey, home she was moving out of. prosecutors said the containers were each wrapped in nine trash bags, with air fresheners, dryer sheets and scented beads to mask the smell.
Karen met Sakir on a break after her mother's death and fell in love. the pair kept in daily contact and he sent her love notes. eighteen months later he proposed to her with a ring engraved with his name. but she found out on facebook that he had been cheating.
director of public prosecutions Alison saunders 'ignored the advice' of aides. both clare Montgomery QC and child abuse expert Eleanor laws QC offered advice which could have supported a move to prosecute. but saunders decided it was not in the public interest to put Lord Janner in the dock due to his advanced Alzheimer’s.
marissa holcomb, who is five months pregnant with her fourth child, was held up at the fried chicken chain store in channelview, texas, on march 31. a man armed with a handgun and his face concealed by a red beanie ran into the store and jumped the counter, forcing Holcomb to empty the registers. he made off with $400 cash, which she refused to pay back. less than two days later, she was fired from her job at Popeyes
the 90s chop, made famous by by Jim carrey’s Lloyd christmas in dumb and dumber, has graced the heads of celebrities far and wide in recent years. the craze may have been fuelled in part by the release of the sequel to the 1994 cult hit, in which Jim carrey hung on to his character's trademark chop.
jaimie hessel says her driver cut across lanes and drove down a bus lane during the 35-minute 'trip from hell' she says she's never going to trust the cab-hailing service again. Uber says the outrageous figure was a clerical error.
Gigi's younger sister, bella, 18, stars in a provocative new shoot. the brunette models a series of risque and revealing outfits. the shoot is featured in the may issue of Elle magazine.
Yvonne Ireland Evans terrorised pensioners for seven years. she made silent phone calls, taunted her dying husband and attacked her son. Yvonne didn't show any compassion when Tony was diagnosed with cancer.
Aden gould, 21, opened two boxes of £25 speakers in a branch in Stoke-on-trent. he then put the gadgets back on display - but was apprehended by security. staff forced him to empty his bag, but he was cleared of shoplifting. he was also told to pay a £150'security fee' but firm has now revoked the ban and waived the fine.
bestselling true crime author Ann Rule, 84, has been in declining health since 2013 after breaking her hip. her two sons, michael Rule, 51, and michael Rule, 51, are accused of defrauding her of more than $100,000. they are accused of forging her signature on checks amounting to $103,628. the two sons, along with their two sisters, receive an estimated $25,000 monthly salary combined through their mother's corporation. they also have their health and dental
Michelle newman said all she heard was a 'pop' and looked up to see her son's heels as he fell from the second floor of their condo in las vegas. the child had fallen out of the window, which had been propped open to let in the breeze, and died from his injuries.
Paul hellyer was a defence minister from 1963 to 1967. he is now urging world powers to release what he believes to be hidden data on UFOs.'much of the media won't touch [the documents]', he said.
amateur photographer Nicolas locelli, 20, snapped the unusual cloud in the sky above Briones regional park, in California. the red sky at dawn appeared to give a fiery hue behind the cloud formation giving it an uncanny likeness to the legend of the fire breathing dragon slain by st george. the image went viral on reddit after his friends suggested he upload it to the social network.
Shannon Carter, 21, repeatedly struck amelia gledhill, 20, with a stiletto heel. the attack took place in a nightclub toilet during a night out in Bradford. Ms Gledhill is still traumatised and has problems with her eyesight. she has been jailed for three-and-a-half years for wounding with intent.
Arthur townsend, 92, poured paint stripper over van owned by friend's son. retired antiques restorer became angry with Martin Carter, 96. believed he was making his mother stay at home to sign for packages.
royal arrived in Florence yesterday for the condé Nast international luxury conference. has spent the past 24 hours partying with fashion's biggest names. met suzy menkes and karl lagerfeld during first day of conference.
Robert Butler, 43, was transported inside a shipping container from Bannister house in Providence, ri to the Eleanor Slater hospital in Cranston on sunday. the complex operation took almost seven hours and involved the fire departments, lifespan, the hospital association of Rhode island and bay crane northeast. in 2006, he weighed 900lbs and was trying to find a doctor to perform a gastric bypass and a way to cover the cost of the medical bills.
a Japanese woman got sweet revenge on her cheating boyfriend by giving his Apple collection a good wash. she dumped his iMac, iPhone, iPad and accessories in the bath tub. she then took photos of the gadget jacuzzi, and sent them to him.
the nine-week-old puppy was given to three-year-old sapphyre Johnson on monday who is missing both of her feet. 'he's just like me!,' the toddler exclaimed with joy the first time she ever saw a photo of the puppy. the puppy was named after a character in the film forest gump who lost both of his legs.
Alondra Luna nunez, 14, was taken from her home in guanajuato, central mexico last week. she pleaded with the officers, who were working for interpol, not to take her from her parents. a DNA test proved that she was not the daughter of dorotea. 'they stole my daughter,' her real mother, Susana nunez, raged on Wednesday.
the flub by a graphics person, made on the east coast feed of the morning show, was corrected for broadcasts in other time zones and online. today had interviewed 70-year-old Michaels for a story Matt Lauer did on a new york gathering for people listed by TIME magazine as the 100 most influential in the world.
gayla neufeld, 52, struggled to deal with her family's unusual genetic legacy. says men love her 'perfect belly' and she gets approached by bodybuilders. met truck driver husband Lance on fat-fetish forum.
long queues at airports and cramped flights are a necessity of modern-day travel. but some well-known hubs appear to disappoint holidaymakers the most. complaints range from lax in los angeles to luton in the uk.
geoff barrow attacked streaming services in a series of tweets. said he has nothing against streaming, but wants musicians paid more. said he was concerned young artists were getting a poor deal.
a third of adults shun the storage possibilities of the internet. ten per cent are even more relaxed about treasured photos, letters and mementos – leaving them lying around in piles of paperwork. only six per cent keep a back-up copy of vital paperwork online.
Shaun Bryan, 23, was the intended target of the shot that paralysed Thusha. thusha was playing in the aisle of her uncle's shop in stockwell, south london. Bryan has now been jailed for a separate crime in south london last year. he and accomplice subjected two women to a 'ruthless attack' in their home.
archaeologists at Boston university and the university of bath used computer model to calculate how much energy a group of Neanderthals could get from their food without cooking it. they found that without fire, a group of Neanderthals would have had less energy - the equivalent 12 reindeer a year - than if they did. modern humans who regularly cooked their food could have channeled this extra energy into growing their population and searching longer for food during lean periods.
assistant commissioner mark rowley warns of new tactics among fanatics. he said ISIS is trying to 'pick up' potential fighters among 'vulnerable'. mr rowley was speaking at counter-terror expo at Olympia, west London.
Moses yitzchok greenfeld, 19, was pulled from water in north london pond. he had been swimming with four friends when he got into difficulty. eyewitness said at least seven police officers stood on a bank. they were heard shouting to ambulance crews on the side, asking how long someone could survive under water without breathing.
daryl Scott donohue, 43, stalked and terrorised wife of four years, angie donohue. he even tried to hire someone to kill her, even from his prison cell. 'i was frightened of him, I was just terrified of him,' she said.
on a date in the 1990s the biggest fails were a lack of conversation. today the man or woman is also likely to try and photograph their food. Blu e-cigarettes have listed the top ten ways to avoid showing yourself up.
Lucy southern worked behind the bar at the hotel owned by Britannia Hotels. she was quizzed about her sex life and asked if she wore stockings in bed. she complained in august 2013 but nothing was done. in October, her line manager began touching her, slapping her bottom and kissing her on the neck.
churchill downs is inviting 84-year-old john sutton to attend their 76th-straight Kentucky Derby as their special guest on may 2. sutton was just 8 years old in 1940 when his father brought him to his first race, and the two bet against the favorite on a horse called Gallahadion. to cement Sutton's love for the sport, he has collected a program from every Kentucky Derby he has attended and keeps them in a binder.
a team of researchers at Vanderbilt university in. Tennessee explored how best to minimise the risk of infection after surgery. note that despite hand washing and other protocols, surgical-site infections continue to pose a problem.
Hamayun tariq, 37, is a divorced, 37-year-old father-of-two from dudley. he joined the Islamic state as an explosives expert and sniper in syria. father-of-two boastfully claims to spend time 'producing sophisticated IEDs' he has methodically arranged room into areas for building bombs and checking function. detailed bomb-making manuals and high-tech microscopes are dotted around factory
Maickel melamed, 39, has a rare form of muscular dystrophy that makes it hard for him just to move or walk. he crossed the finish line at 5am on Tuesday morning after 20 grueling hours on the 26.2-mile race. 'after 20 hours of rain, wind and cold, Boston is still strong,' the athlete said as he was honored at city hall.
the prime minister will say the expense of nurseries and childminders has become a major barrier to employment. the conservatives have pledged to reduce tax relief on pension contributions for people earning more than £150,000. 'true compassion isn’t giving people a benefits cheque – it’s giving them a chance,' he will tell the audience.
iD network will launch in may and offer free roaming in 22 countries. this includes the us, australia and across european continents. the aim is to offer features that customers want, including 12-month contracts and affordable 4G handsets. iD will use three's existing infrastructure to offer networks and plans.
the unhappy diner posted a picture of her unappetising salad to franchise's facebook account where it was 'liked' over 2,000 times before she decided to remove it. a number of facebook users have left comments roasting the franchise for the embarrassing mistake.
the reaction to the comedy sketch reflected a growing view among law enforcement and victims' advocacy groups that it is no laughing matter when a woman educator preys on her male students. in u.s. schools last year, almost 800 school employees were prosecuted for sexual assault, nearly a third of them women.
the Norwegian Government said it will turn off its FM transmitters on January 11 2017. the UK had planned to switch off its own FM service by 2018 but the plans were later shelved following objections from commercial radio stations.
Tesla said it will announce a 'home battery' and a'very large utility scale battery' in a letter to investors. the company already offers battery packs for its solarcity project. but it is unclear whether the latest product will build on this design.
Nicholas Connors gave a rousing performance ahead of the Houston Rockets and Dallas Mavericks NBA playoffs game. one of his favorite players, defensive lineman J.J. Watt, was watching from the sidelines. when Nicholas finished, the 26-year-old player ran across the court to congratulate him.
173 lots of designer brands worth from £300 to at least £2,000 up for auction. items come from the lifetime collection of an anonymous single lady owner. house & son auctioneers in Bournemouth, dorset, will hold sale on April 28. they are being sold without a reserve, which means they will go to highest bidder.
former hewlett-packard ceo will launch a formal campaign. on may 4, according to the WSJ. but fiorina spokeswoman Sarah Isgur. Flores told daily mail online that it's just a rumor at this point. 'i am not confirming the WSJ story,' she said.
summer travel hacks to cure sunburn and water-logged mobile phones. use citrus juice to naturally highlight your hair. turn your eReader into a solar-charging device by adding solar cells.
more than a third of trusts are considering rationing some types of surgery. criteria for accepting patients for operations would be based on their body mass index, which measures obesity. procedures affected include varicose vein treatment, hip and knee replacement, and breast reduction surgery. smokers could be denied some treatments, most commonly IVF. senior doctors criticised the plans and accused health managers of denying patients vital treatment simply because they were considered to be 'undeserving'
president will travel to Armenia this week to mark the 100th anniversary of the 1915 massacre by Ottoman Turks. as a candidate for president in 2008, he promised to use the term to describe the mass murder if elected. but he has not followed through despite calls from the most famous Armenian-American, Kim Kardashian, and the pope for the world to recognize the killings.
former Brookside actress gave birth to son jaxton in september. has struggled to regain her pre-baby figure. has turned to celebrity hypnotherapist to curb her sweet tooth.
carpets of wild bluebells have sprung up this week, adding beautiful splashes of colour to balmy spring weather. but the fine weather by much of the country is set to be replaced by showers this weekend. parts of northern scotland could even see daytime temperatures drop to 10c by Monday and there is a chance of snow. tomorrow is set to be another fine day for many places, although it will be cloudy to start in some central and eastern areas.
Zachary stickler, 34, pleaded not guilty to hitting his then-partner in february. before the crash on Saturday, he had sent text messages to friends and family indicating he was 'distraught' and planned on taking his own life. he had been charged with felony count of making criminal threats and a misdemeanor battery charge.
London-based keyboard app firm analysed more than one billion sets of emoji data to learn how 16 different languages and regions use emoji. happy faces, including winks, kisses, smiles and grins were the most popular across all regions, making up 45 per cent of all the messages studied. sad faces were in second place followed by hearts, which includes all colours of hearts and the broken heart emoji. in the us, gadget users send 30 per cent more LGBT-related
Erica avery was cuffed and hauled out of a Broward county courtroom after being accused of using the internet. the 17-year-old is one of several teens accused of ganging up on a friend by allowing her to be sexually assaulted. prosecutors said photos of the 17-year-old were posted to social media and one of them shows her using a smart phone. not long after their arrest, cell phone video emerged showing Erica avery
Teng Jiazhi or 'uncle teng' came up with the unique tipping system ten years ago when he picked up a couple of tourists in -30C. cabby keeps a camera in his car and captures thousands of happy passengers.
make-up artist abi Gordon-cody creates gory injuries using special effects. her work has earned her a loyal following of almost 3000 on Instagram. she also works as a general make-up artist for weddings and events.
as a boy he enjoyed more 'freedom' than children today, he says. as a teenager he 'always questioned authority', he admits. the 51-year-old also discusses his battle with testicular cancer. he also discusses how he plans to keep his children out of the public eye.
Alice barker danced at legendary clubs like the Apollo, cotton club and zanzibar club. but she didn't have any photographs or memorabilia to remember her years on stage. it was collector of short musical films called'soundies' who found her videos. they gave her the chance to finally watch her days in the chorus line.
Cengiz guven is the supervisor of site security at lone pine, the hilltop battlefield cemetery that will host the second australian dawn service on anzac day. the 30-year-old security manager from Istanbul has been taking care of things at the cemetery for the past four years. he has protected Russell Crowe, Naomi Campbell and aerosmith rocker Steve Tyler.
dealers in the uk and abroad are selling the potentially fatal drug. it contains a toxic chemical used in pesticides and explosives. most recent victim is 21-year-old Eloise parry from shrewsbury. she died after taking eight - six more than the fatal dose.
nearly 250 cases of malignant melanoma are registered each year by those working outside in industries such as construction, agriculture and leisure. a separate study found there was a'macho culture' in some parts of the construction industry. two thirds of workers thought they were not at risk from the sun and sunburn.
over a three year period, Rajpal Singh, 34, swallowed 140 coins, 150 nails and a handful of nuts, bolts and batteries. he had also gulped down screws, nails and magnets. an endoscopy revealed the hundreds of foreign objects in his stomach.
lib dem leader says farage's'mask is slipping' in scrabble for headlines. says he is uncomfortable talking about people who are not white. condemns David Cameron's appeal to UKIP supporters to 'come home' warns 'bandwagons of the far right' are encircling an 'increasingly hapless leadership'
Anna james, 32, has vowed to defy the school's ban on taking her children to the 'Obby 'Oss celebrations. she claims the rituals are part of her'religion, culture and heritage' the school blocked her request under a government crackdown on absences.
Steve Spowart helped lead the horses to safety near Dungog, in the NSW Hunter region. three people died in the severe weather and four houses were washed away. the town received the most rainfall it had in 100 years.
Holly Nicole Solomon, now 31, pleaded guilty to aggravated assault. she hit her husband with their SUV after learning he didn't vote in the 2012 presidential election. her husband, 36-year-old Daniel, suffered a shattered pelvis and a torn artery. she originally pleaded not guilty to charges of aggravated assault and disorderly conduct. now she will serve three and a half years in prison following a plea deal.
Joyce rosemary. Bruce used a turkey baster to inseminate herself, believing that the absence of. intercourse would mean Mr Boardwine had no parental rights. after the boy was born, the pair disagreed on the level of involvement Mr Boardwine would have in the child's life. the Virginia court of Appeals ruled that as the child's biological father, Mr Boardwine is more than a sperm donor and is entitled to be a part of his son'
'Climate change can no longer be denied. It can’t be edited out,' he said this afternoon in a speech at everglades national park commemorating earth day. 'that’s why I’ve committed the united states to lead the world in combatting this threat,' he said. the day trip to south florida, on which Obama was accompanied by bill Nye 'the science guy,' also highlighted the massive amount of fuel it takes to power air force one, however
Sharon and Nick Chalwell put out a desperate call earlier this month after nine failed rounds of IVF and one failed egg donor attempt. after sharing their story with a Perth radio station they were inundated with women willing to help them realise their dream of starting a family. a call-out on their local radio station put the Chalwells in touch with Shannon Mann, who has a two-year-old son, Lucas.
the kidneys were removed from a 45-year-old man with a genetic disease. condition causes fluid-filled cysts to grow in the kidneys, so they expand. it took a team of surgeons three hours to remove the kidneys.
co-pilot spilled coffee on the instrument panel and turned the autopilot off as he wiped it down. advisers to president tomislav nikolic described being 'thrown around the cabin' when the plane began tumbling through the air. the plane landed safely back in belgrade but nikolic was forced to cancel his official visit to meet pope francis.
£2.99 photo editing app is designed to help you edit your portrait photographs into 'perfection' you can remove spots, improve skin texture and enhance eyes. you can also fix grey hair, reshape your face and fill in bald patches. you can also whiten teeth, remove wrinkles and elongate or shorten a face.
discount supermarket aldi is under fire for failing to notify customers of a 0.5 percent surcharge on credit card fees. the australian securities and investment commission took action against the supermarket company last year. an investigation revealed it did not disclose a 0.5 percent surcharge placed on transactions made using tap and go contactless payment systems. some stores still do not have signs at entrances and signs at the registers warning of the surcharge are in tiny print.
the Trussell trust claimed that 1 million people are being fed from food banks. the charity said that people were given three days' worth of food in a year. labour and the tuc seized on the figures as'shocking' evidence. but benefits chief Iain Duncan Smith said the figures were 'unverified'
Austin Hatfield, 18, found the venomous water moccasin, also known as a cottonmouth, near his wimauma home last week. he'd been keeping the serpent in a pillowcase when it escaped over the weekend. 'he kisses it right on the head. right on the mouth. he's not afraid of death,' said his best friend.
Omar hallak, principal of al-taqwa college in Melbourne, reportedly bans female students from running. former teachers claim in a letter that he discriminates against female students. this comes a month after revelations that he was telling students at his school that Islamic state was not 'created' by Muslims.
the deal comes after the league has been dogged by complaints that it long hid the risks of repeated concussions. the league expects 6,000 of nearly 20,000 retired players to suffer from Alzheimer's disease or moderate dementia someday. the settlement approved on Wednesday by a federal judge in Philadelphia would pay them about $190,000 on average.
police in Colorado have cited a 37-year-old man for carrying his computer into an alley then. shooting it eight times with a handgun after what authorities. said had been a long battle with the uncooperative machine. 'investigation revealed a resident was fed up with fighting his computer for the last several months,' said police.
seven costumes from the 1965 classic, along with a VHS cassette of the film signed by actor david trueitt, are expected to fetch $800,000.
human traffickers run huge benefit frauds in the uk, including one that was used to fund a housing development in Slovakia. vile trade also includes the sale of young girls for prostitution and sham marriages. in some cases, 'customers' from outside the EU are requesting women with EU passports so they can make them pregnant.
the map was created by looking at the official twitter accounts for each team, using their followers as an indicator of allegiance. fans can toggle the map to view their club's support worldwide, see the most popular clubs globally and compare their club with a rival. in the UK Liverpool dominate the market but their global appeal is less impressive.
a five-year-old girl has spent more than a year in australia's offshore Nauru detention centre. she has been prescribed anti-depressants and has self-harmed by swallowing shampoo and nails, her lawyer says. the girl's father has applied for a protection visa for his family after fearing for his life and fleeing from the military police in Iran.
sid Ahmed ghlam, 24, shot himself in leg before arrest by anti-terrorist officers. he was also implicated in murder of aurelie chatelain, 33, in a suburb. police found documents mentioning al qaeda and isis at his home. also found evidence on his computer that he was in contact with a man in Syria 'who clearly asked him to target a church' arrest came just hours after murder of mother and fitness
noaa Fisheries in Maryland says the humpback whale is no longer endangered. they want to break up global population into 14 sub-populations. ten of these will be 'not at risk', two 'threatened' and two 'endangered' it follows a conservation'success story' that raised numbers to 90,000.
scientists in Belgium say all sweet potatoes contain 'foreign DNA' Agrobacterium bacteria in the crop exchanges genes between species. this makes sweet potatoes a 'natural genetically modified organism' and humans have been eating it for thousands of years.
European Commission antitrust chief Margrethe vestager said. gazprom was barring EU clients from selling on its gas to other. states and pressuring governments to back its pipeline interests.
Samantha rawcliffe, 40, from morecambe, has functional neurological disorder. umbrella term for a range of neurological symptoms that doctors cannot explain. in the days after the accident she lost control of her bladder and was shaking uncontrollably. tests revealed she was suffering a wide variety of neurological symptoms.
police have arrested a man who tried to flee the area after a woman's body was found. the body was found in the boot of a blue Hyundai getz car in the Bega valley. police chased the man into bushland and over a fence before pouncing on him.'show me your hands!' the arresting officer screamed at the man. he was then taken away in a police van.
Ricky woolaston, 35, tricked his way into students' homes to steal laptops. he posed as a maintenance engineer to gain access to their properties. but he was easily tracked down by police after leaving behind his bag. it contained a police charge sheet from a previous offence bearing his name. the prolific thief has now been sentenced to four years in prison.
Gregg manderson, 68, of st. paul, Minnesota, first sought medical attention after he got twinkle twinkle little star stuck in his head last may. he has also hallucinated the theme song to the western 1950s television show cheyenne had the same bugle call stuck in his head for years. neurologist and researcher Roger dumas have looked for a way to end the earworm.
Matthew riches allegedly dropped the drug into the clubber's drink. 29-year-old, from Epsom, appeared at Isleworth crown court today. judge told the model his trial would take place on august 10.
Charlotte Blakeway was discovered dead in the bath at her home in shropshire. 17-year-old was studying film, performance, english and sociology. her devastated mother said she was a talented singer and actress. friends have taken to facebook to pay tribute to the bright and enthusiastic student.
Hayley carney will undergo surgery to complete her gender transition later this year. she will then move to live with her fiancee, identified only as Anne, in Devon. she will then have six months to apply for a marriage visa, if successful.
sheepdog nudged the controls of a tractor before driving it on to the motorway. the tractor smashed through a fence and into the central reservation barrier. the incident happened at junction 13 of the M74 near abington, south Lanarkshire.
Robbie knifeevel, 52, was speeding in an SUV on Tuesday evening when he rear-ended a Honda, causing a chain-reaction crash involving two other vehicles. no one was injured. after the crash, Knievel drove off but his car was found nearby and he was seen walking about a block away. he has previously admitted to being an alcoholic and pleaded guilty to DUI in south Dakota in august 2013.
446 people on board the italian navy vessel, the navy said 59 of them were children, who were no doubt unaware just how perilous their boat trip could have been. they were dropped off in the Sicilian port of augusta today after their smuggler boat was picked up off the southern coast of the italian mainland. it follows deeply distressing images showing the body of a young migrant being brought ashore after he drowned in a shipwreck off the coast of Rhodes on
William Smith was just 15 when he fell in love with his best friend's mother. Marilyn buttigieg, then 44, became an item when he was 16. the pair, from west sussex, shared their first date and kiss in september 2005. they married six years ago this month after being together for four years.
dr Christopher Valentine, 52, was sacked from a sexual health clinic nine years ago. he was hauled before the gmc for photographing half-naked patients. but he was not struck off and went to work at an addiction service. nurse fiona white found images of a semi-naked man on his iPod. Valentine told her the image was of a patient’s heroin injection site. but she and another nurse were suspicious and reported him to his boss
university of illinois scientists have created the first 3D simulation of merging black holes in a disk. it shows what happens when two supermassive black holes collide. the video swoops around the disc of superheated material known as a quasar surrounding the black hole, showing how it takes shape. and it comes after two black holes were found to be colliding.
hysterical real housewife broke down in tears and went into meltdown. eyewitnesses in the hallway heard her scream 'f***', and other obscenities. she bolted from the room where Dr Phil offered to help place her in a top treatment program. but she apparently snubbed the offer of help as eyewitnesses heard her scream 'f***', and other obscenities when she ran out of the room and down the hall
UCO stormproof matches are made using an incredibly tough coating. it smoulders no matter what happens to them and will start burning again once they come into contact with oxygen. the unique matches have to go through rigorous testing to make sure they keep alight in even the most difficult situations.
former secretary of state got her budding presidential campaign's first targeted question about the deadly 2012 Benghazi terror attacks. 'Mrs. Clinton, when are you going to start talking to the press about Benghazi?' Daily mail online asked her in the Washington Reagan national airport terminal. the usually garrulous and broad-smiling candidate stared straight ahead, continued walking alongside her secret service and local police escorts, and said nothing. moments earlier, she answered a question about
Yom hazikaron - or memorial day - is held the day before Israel's independence day, linking the sacrifice of soldiers with the creation of the state. under law all places of entertainment, including cinemas, theatres and nightclubs are closed during the sombre day. many Israelis attend memorial services for relatives and friends who have died in conflict.
scientists have identified a gene, named nox3, found in the inner ear. it is crucial in determining how vulnerable a person is to developing hearing loss. study is the first genome-wide association study on noise-induced hearing loss in mice.
new research revealed that male and female stegosaurus had different shaped armoured plates running along their backs. it raises the prospect that the dinosaurs used its giant bony protrusions, which could reach up to 2.5 feet, to attract a mate. palaeontologists say male stegosaurus could have used them to show off their prowess in much the same way as peacocks do today.
Ukip leader said'millions' of refugees could arrive on boats in the next few years unless they are intercepted and turned back now. he insisted the UK could not take more than 'a few thousand' genuine refugees. his comments came as experts warned that up to 30,000 migrants, including 2,500 children, could be killed this year unless the crisis is tackled.
Jeremy Clarkson will return to the corporation but not on top gear, says boss. bbc2 boss says there is 'no ban on Jeremy being on the BBC'. comes after he was unceremoniously sacked from the motoring show. final scenes filmed before his departure will be aired this summer, she says. 'no way would I want the available material not to be aired,' she says.
35-year-old Laura Eugenia Smith faces multiple charges, including DUI, child endangerment and public intoxication. police say a witness noticed the girl driving Smith's car with Smith sitting in the passenger seat and couldn't believe his eyes. he followed the vehicle into an auto parts store parking lot and used his truck to block the exit so that Smith could not leave while he called police. however, she backed her car into Smith's truck and started spraying him with pepper spray.
authorities in el salvador have moved prisoners from two of the country's hyper-violent gangs into the same prison for the first time. in an effort to curb gang violence, 1,177 members from the notorious Barrio 18 gang were transferred. members at the jail will mix with rivals from the hyper-violent mara salvatrucha gang, or MS-13. they will all be classified not by their gang affiliation, but by how dangerous they are.
comedian and mother-of-one Raquel. D'apice, from new jersey, has put her own personal spin on crowd-sourced. assessments by creating Yelp Reviews of Newborns, an entertaining collection of spoof critiques. reviews highlight the real struggles plaguing new parents today.
'none of it is true,' said the wellness blogger in an interview with the australian women's weekly. it was the first time she has spoken publicly since she told daily mail australia she feared for her family's safety. her business empire fell apart last month after revelations she had failed to fulfil promised donations to various charities. friends then began to cast doubts about her cancer diagnosis.
papyrus found in Oxyrhynchus, 100 miles south of Cairo, contains a medical'recipe' it recommends stringing the leaves of a shrub called Alexandrian chamaedaphne together. text also suggests wearing the leaves around the neck to ease headaches. treatment was discovered as part of an ongoing effort to translate the papyrus.
graeme finlay, 53, insisted he acted in self-defence after being attacked by Ron Phillips, 70, wielding his crutch. the couple were knocked unconscious after he allegedly assaulted them outside their cabin. but yesterday Finlay said he only swung his arms to defend himself when Mr Phillips went for him with his crutch.
Cetaphil Gentle Cleanser is fragrance and soap free and costs £6.74. developed for people with highly sensitive skin so favoured by ezcema sufferers. its formula suits all ages, from babies to mums and the elderly.
Monica McDermott, 41, could not walk straight when stopped by police. mother-of-one refused to give a breath sample after coming to a halt. she was three times over the limit when officers breathalyzed her. pleaded guilty to drink driving at macclesfield magistrates' court.
RSPCA officers discovered the five illegal pit bull terrier-type dogs. they had been brutally trained to take part in illegal dog fights. animals were held in electrical shock collars, covered with scars and kept in urine-soaked cages without water. three men involved in illegal dog fights fined a total of £40,000 after inspectors raided their homes.
in the first four months of 2015, there have been 5,080 flight cancellations. this compares to 4,239 cancellations during the same period last year. low-cost carrier monarch has seen the greatest increase in delays.
Erik de vries, 24, and Josephine egberts, 22, were separated in 1999. after their parents' messy break-up, their father took them to belgium. their mother stayed with Josephine in their native. Netherlands, but it wasn't until after Erik moved back that they were reunited.
parents should use the 'carrot and the stick' approach to get their way. confiscating mobiles, grounding teenagers and 'threats falling short of brute force' being a parent is tough, but 'that is what parenting is all about'
Greg hardy has been suspended by the NFL after an incident of domestic abuse that allegedly occurred last year. this comes almost one year after hardy, 25, was convicted by a judge in Charlotte, north Carolina of beating, strangling and threatening to kill his ex-girlfriend, Nicki Holder. the decision to ban hardy followed a two-month investigation that started after the dismissal of his domestic violence case in February.
wheelchair-bound starrs, 50, admitted part in two-and-a-half year con. he invented clamped cars, overtime hours and damage to property. starrs and fellow BT manager Phillip Tamplin made £124,000 from con. he was allowed to go free from court with suspended jail sentence. but senior judge has now blasted junior colleague for 'taking his eye off the ball'
'n' was just 11 when pervert glam rocker snared her childhood. now suffers from dark spells of depression and rarely goes out. 'i cry out in my sleep almost every night. i dream that it is happening again'
Alaskan husky, Sarabi, escaped from handlers during the Iditarod on march 21. the three-year-old dog was spotted in Palmer, about 40 miles northeast of anchorage. she was captured on Monday night after a cage trap was set up. the dog was returned to a friend of the musher Laura allaway, on Monday night.
prime minister said millions of people trapped on welfare in a system which 'punished the poor' accused Ed miliband and Ed balls of having'some brass neck' by attacking the tories for failing the poor. he added: 'don't you dare lecture us on poverty'
Natali Castellanos-tyler, 30, was returning home from a birthday party with her daughter, Elisa, in the backseat on february 21 when she allegedly slid off a rain-soaked road. investigators concluded that the crash was a one-car collision that was caused by a rain-soaked road. the little girl emerged from the accident largely unscathed, but according to her father, Craig, she has been plagued by disturbing nightmares and daytime
Shanice farier, 22, earned a 'decent salary' and received handouts from her father. but that wasn't enough for her expensive taste, the court heard. she helped herself to money from Kanoo travel in Derby and spent it on hotels. judge chastised her for her greed before ordering her to do 240 hours unpaid work. he added: 'i hope she ends up doing work that gets her hands dirty'
little girl was photographed standing near rocky outcrop in zushi, japan, in 2014. her father, 38, said he wanted to send a picture 'to my wife, who was at work' but when he checked them later in the evening, he noticed the boots. he said: 'i showed my wife immediately. she was considerably more upset by it than I was, to be honest' image has sparked debate online, with sceptics arguing if there was
the long-awaited apple watch is set to go on sale on friday, april 24. it will retail from $499 for the cheapest version right up to $24,000 for an 18-carat model. but a panel of tech experts have labelled it a 'waste of money'. 'if you want an apple watch battery that lasts longer than a day, you might be better off waiting,' said one expert.
the Trussell trust admitted in a climbdown that 'these are not all unique users' it emerged last night that its true number of users is likely to be no more than half a million – and possibly lower still. the claim was widely reported by newspapers and the BBC.
Ian Walters, 51, is accused of murdering his wife of two years, Tracy, 48. court heard their relationship had collapsed over sex demands. he veered off the motorway on the way back from a'make or break' trip. his car ploughed through undergrowth before hitting a tree at 84mph. mrs Walters died two days after the crash in march last year.
Brett Robinson, 32, is facing 12 charges related to sexual misconduct and official misconduct. she allegedly let the inmate out of his cell multiple times and engaged in sex acts between march and July last year. the case follows that of her colleague, 39-year-old Lisa curry. she was sentenced to over four years prison last month for repeatedly having sex with a 25-year-old gang member and convicted rapist.
Barry selby, 54, was eating a bag of cheese and onion crisps when he found it. the deep-fried snack appears to show a jaw, nose and eye socket. he has decided to keep the two inches tall by two-and-a-half inches wide snack.
baboucarr ceesay, a talented footballer from the Gambia, is believed to have died on the fishing boat in a 'desperate' attempt to seek a new life in the uk. his aunt Jessica sey, from cheltenham, has spoken of her devastation after discovering he was not among the 27 survivors. she said: 'he had his head turned and his money taken by criminals who are responsible for thousands of deaths'
former professional boxer Terry claybon said it took six months of training before filming started to get the actor ripped. he also worked out for an incredible six hours per day, including 2,000 sit ups, 1,000 each morning and the same at night. the 34-year-old had just dropped 30lbs to play freelance crime reporter lou in 2014 thriller nightcrawler.
James webb space telescope will be 100 times more potent than hubble. it will be able to see back to 200 million years after the big bang. telescope will weigh 6.4 tons and have a 21ft (6.5 metres) mirror. it will be able to look in very dark parts of the universe where stars are being born. the project has drawn scrutiny from lawmakers for its ballooning costs.
queen letizia welcomed award-winning writer to the casa real in madrid. today's lunch is the second literary event in less than 24 hours for the queen. last night she was the recipient of a gallant kiss from author Pedro manas.
fashion targets breast cancer has cast plus-size models in its new campaign. this year's focus is all about uniting women of all shapes for a worthwhile cause. this follows the first leg of the campaign, which launched earlier this month.
vehicle is a celebrated 1962 Aston martin DB4 series III. it was supplied new in 1961 to a. Robert drummond of London, who lived in a central postcode region in a. capital of SW1. restoration project will cost up to £350,000 - meaning whoever buys it will have to pay at least £570,000 to return it to its former glory.
David norris, 51, pounced on his wife as she was about to lay flowers at the grave of his grandmother in southfleet, near Gravesend, in kent. he screamed 'go to sleep with your mum!' as he stabbed her repeatedly. a member of the public intervened and he was jailed for 20 years.
the DB4 was one of the most luxurious cars of its day, costing £4,000. it was delivered to him at a Swiss hotel when the average house price was £2,500. it is expected to fetch £1million at auction at bonhams next month.
male competitors had not eaten for two weeks when they killed reptile. producers thought it was a common caiman - but it turned out to be a crocodile. american crocodile is critically endangered in the wild in the u.s. conservationists say illegal hunting and habitat destruction have left it critically endangered.
micheal duffy, 34, pleaded not guilty to murdering colleen Deborah ayers. the 33-year-old's decomposed body was found in a shallow grave on her parent's 25-acre lakesland property near Picton, south west of Sydney. duffy told the court his ex-partner, Rachel Evans, had a 'twisted desire to kill' and that he had only helped bury her body.
three men aged in their 50s and from the york area arrested this morning. body of missing chef, who was 35 when she disappeared in 2009, has still not been found. officers have launched fresh search for evidence which could lead to her whereabouts.
workers could save up to £1,300 a year if they prepared their lunch at home. food website food52's 'not sad desk lunch' series shows how to make simple options such as cheese, crackers and charcuterie.
Harrison poe was announced as best supporting actor at the annual Tommy Tune awards on Tuesday in Houston, Texas. he slipped and fell headfirst into a net covering the orchestra pit. luckily no one was hurt below.
Jerry moon's family only discovered the devastating blunder when they opened the casket to say their final goodbyes. they found the body of 97-year-old Robert Petitclerc wrapped in a plastic bag in the coffin. the 72-year-old railroad conductor was chronically ill in his final years and began arranging for his funeral 16 years before his death in 2013. the family is now seeking unspecified damages for emotional distress.
underwear is adorned with beads and would have been sewn together by a woman, for a woman, using strips of seal pelt. it is currently on display at the national museum of Denmark in Copenhagen as part of its animal-skin clothing collection. it was obtained during an expedition to the ammassalik settlement in greenland in 1892 by captain C. Ryder. when leaving the settlement, the female wearer would have worn it under trousers.
in January the care quality commission branded Hinchingbrooke as 'inadequate' but today the watchdog will upgrade this to'requires improvement' and publish report. experts say it is further evidence that the inspection was flawed.
the incident unfolded in 2012 after a trooper chased a motorcyclist who ran a stop sign near Houston. troopers followed Gaydos for nearly 40 miles at speeds of 130 mph before Martinez pulled alongside him and fired four times through the window of his moving car. the motorcyclist then raised his hand and pulled over and, as he tried to put down his kickstand, Martinez leaped out at him, kicked him and knocked him to the ground.
vets are urging the public to get their dogs checked out for ticks. ticks can transmit deadly diseases to both humans and other dogs. almost half of dog owners did not know that ticks can transmit deadly diseases to both humans and other dogs.
the Glasford school in Illinois hosted one of several simulations put on by the american red cross to educate students on the dangers of drunk driving. the staged event on Thursday used student actors playing accident victims and used real local police, fire and rescue personnel responding to the scene. in a graphic staged performance on Wednesday at massapequa high school in long island, students showed other students just what kinds of things could happen if a driver decides to drink before getting behind the wheel.
Rolly Robinson, from the blog Beauty high, shaved his mustache to make himself look like the 17-year-old reality star.
Charlesetta taylor, 79, has lived in her home for 70 years, and was part of the first african-american family to live in her neighborhood. now the city of st. louis may tear down her home, and 49 others, to make way for a campus for the national geospatial-intelligence agency. the city needs the NGA, and the 3,000 jobs it provides, to keep the company in the city. 'we celebrated everything in here, and there was
rep Steve knight, 48, was hosting an open house event at his simi valley, california, office last friday when he was accosted by a group of activists. the protesters were carrying signs against amnesty for undocumented immigrants. the heated exchange was captured on video and later uploaded onto YouTube by a right-wing group called we the people rising.
terrifying image reveals moment 'highly skilled' pilot spun out of control. David Jenkins, in his 50s, died when plane crashed at old Buckenham airfield. eyewitnesses saw plane go into a flat spin and failing to come out of it. plane crashed just 50 metres from group of people at press day for air show.
former first minister was mocking labour after it slapped down leader. he also joked that he would 'check his top pocket' at a fundraising event. it prompted david cameron and boris johnson to warn of a 'constitutional crisis'
model and tv personality jesinta campbell has joined the chorus of angry followers who say they feel insulted by her deception. 'i am so disappointed and shocked and on every level, this is so irresponsible on her behalf,' she said on the today show on thursday. 'i was actually at an awards ceremony - the Cosmopolitan fun fearless female awards - and she was giving this speech, and she was crying, and I was crying, and I
a former SS sergeant described in chilling detail how so many Jews were brought to the auschwitz death camp at once. he was put on a 24-hour shift guarding the ramp where they disembarked from the trains. the people were stripped of their belongings and then most led directly into gas chambers. SS sergeant oskar groening is being tried on 300,000 counts of accessory to murder. he told the court on Tuesday that he is
the letter was submitted to the weekly standard and took six-months to write. in addition to telling the first lady that public school children can't live on one packet of ketchup alone, Peter criticizes the first lady for America's lack of troops in the middle east and in the Ukraine. he also suggests that the united states bomb Syria.
the mother of the duchess of cambridge emailed customers of her party firm. recommended the Chevron Divine tablewear range for parents-to-be. the cheapest item in the range is a £2.79 set of party cups.
the actor lobbied for information about a slave-owning relative to be withheld from a show about his ancestry on pbs. after appearing on the show, he learned that one of his ancestors was a slave owner. this enabled him to hide the identity of his ancestor, named today by the sun as James McGuire, who kept eight slaves on his farm in new jersey in the 1840s. today the actor apologized for asking producers to leave out
Christopher Swain wore a protective suit as he went over a railing and into the water around 2pm Wednesday in Brooklyn. he swam about an hour into the canal in a stunt to urge environmental clean up. the 19th-century canal was once a major transportation route, but it's now so polluted with industrial and sewer discharges that it must, by law, be cleaned up. Swain said the water tasted 'like mud, poop, ground-
Carol Chandler, 53, allegedly molested a boy under the age of 14. boy was a pupil at top independent school in south west london. she is facing three counts of indecent assault and two counts of gross indecency.
flight 5622, operating as a united express, plunged nearly 30,000 feet in eight minutes and made an emergency landing in buffalo, new york. three passengers on the plane lost consciousness an hour after take-off and others began feeling dizzy and sick. airline initially claimed that the plane landed 'out of an abundance of caution' because of one sick passenger. new information from medical personnel confirmed that 'a total of three passengers reported a loss of consciousness while on the flight'
'Bou Bou' phonesavanh suffered serious burns to his face and had his nipple blown off in the may incident. his family says the medical bills have surpassed $1 million. while the settlement isn't enough to cover the continued medical care Bou Bou will require as he gets older, it does not preclude continued litigation.
Ursula ward, the mother of the man slain by Aaron Hernandez, wants to look him in the eye when he testifies during the wrongful death suit. according to attorney Doug sheff, the former new england patriots player was convicted of first-degree murder parole for killing Odin Lloyd in 2013. 'the day I learned my son was shot and killed, I thought my life ended with his,' she said during a press conference on wednesday.
Lord Tebbit said the pm has never had a 'proper job' before entering politics. the former tory party chairman said the pm had done nothing but be a special adviser and working in PR for Carlton television. he also criticised the pm's tactics in playing up the threat of a labour-sNP government.
the previous law only stipulated a ban on intercourse which harmed the animals. reports of animal sex shows, clubs and even brothels in the Nordic country.
photos taken on the frontline of fighting in countryside outside city of aleppo. show a prisoner wearing an orange jumpsuit being forced to his knees. he was then shot at point blank range by militants loyal to the terror group. comes as ISIS attempts to portray everyday life under their control as happy.
Ukip has fallen 18 points behind the tories and seven behind labour. he admitted he had'made some mistakes' during the campaign. but he insisted he was looking forward to the rest of the campaign.
Rebecca grant, 40, from biddeford, was found walking 'drunk' in and out of traffic on a road in Limington, Maine. she claimed she had been kidnapped and abused. when she refused to give the name of her captors, police checked her ID and found that she was out on bail. she attempted to head-butt a deputy sheriff before 'thrusting her head onto the trunk of his cruiser on two occasions'
researchers at sun yat-sen university in guangzho have admitted to changing the genes of human embryos for the first time in history. the team tried to tweak the gene responsible for -thalassaemia. they used a germ line editing technique known as CRISPR/Cas9.
Emily Grimson, 25, from shopshire, is one of britain's most successful models. her hands have appeared everywhere from television screens to magazine ads. she moisturises her hands up to ten times a day to keep them looking their best.
woman escaped from the IS capital of Raqqa in Syria. she said women are forced to cover up in a burka and must not go out alone. she said: 'this is all forced on us by IS, nothing at all of a woman is revealed' she added: 'after that many people began to fear IS'
tragic killing of nine-year-old sparked national outpouring of grief in france. huge screens were erected to show the ceremony for the many who could not fit inside the packed church in northern france. girl was snatched from a french playground in front of her mother's eyes by Zbigniew Huminsk, 38. he bundled the girl into his car and drove her to woodland where he sexually assaulted and strangled her.
Joseph O'Riordan, 76, stabbed his wife nine times with a kitchen knife. he had become suspicious of his wife's movements and placed a GPS tracker on her car as he hired a private detective to watch her. he soon discovered his wife was having an affair with married postman, Nick gunn, nicknamed 'tommy' by friends and family. he directed officers to where had left the nine-inch kitchen knife he had used to stab
Lord Janner signed over the deeds of his £2million home to his children. it came at the height of the police paedophile case against him. the flat was transferred free of charge to his daughters and son. it follows an outcry over the decision not to prosecute the peer.
prince alwaleed bin Talal has pledged to give a free Bentley to pilots. he made the pledge on social media but the post has since been deleted. bombing raids in Yemen appeared to have resumed despite a pledge they would stop.
one in five australians admit to doing a spot of online shopping at night in bed. 86 per cent of those surveyed admit to going online to purchase items they're too embarrassed to buy in store. work will often take a back seat when online shopping is only a click away.
authorities named Abu Khaled al-Cambodi as a key figure in their investigation into a plot where teenagers were allegedly planning to attack police on anzac day. now al-Cambodi has starred in a 12-minute long propaganda video where, cradling a gun, he has ordered his 'beloved brothers' to 'rise up' and attack targets in australia. al-Cambodi is thought to have become the most senior recruiter of australian
the actress was referring to a genetic test that currently costs $3,000 (£2,000) now a start-up is offering an at-home DNA saliva test priced at $249 (£167) it tests for mutations in BRCA1 and BRCA2, along with 17 other markers. all of which are linked to an increased risk of breast and ovarian cancer. women with a mutation in BRCA1 have a lifetime risk of 80 percent for developing breast cancer and up to a 50 percent chance of developing ova
coffee filters are usually used to trap coffee grounds when brewing filter coffee at home. but these lint-free, tear-resistant paper cones can be life-savers in many other situations. they can provide an inexpensive way to complete a range of household tasks.
Susan Monica, 66, was found guilty on tuesday of murdering two handymen on her pig farm in southern oregon. the men were killed in 2012 and 2013. she then abused their corpses by feeding them to her pigs. she was sentenced to life in prison, with the possibility of parole after a minimum of 50 years.
Vit jedlicka, 31, is a member of the Czech republic's conservative party of free citizens. he is the self-declared president of 'Liberland', which is located on the banks of the Danube River. the land making up the so-called'micronation' was apparently forgotten when the balkan peninsula split into new countries following the breakup of yugoslavia.
TV celebrity doctor mehmet oz will take on his detractors in a special episode of his daytime talk show Thursday. the 54-year-old was at the center of a firestorm last week when 10 prominent doctors sent a letter to Columbia university urging them to fire him. the letter said he is a 'charlatan who promotes ‘quack treatments' in the video, the beleaguered physician accused his attackers of trying to bully him into silence.
Ukip leader said he had to 'confess' that he was happier accepting migrants from Commonwealth countries such as australia and india. remarks come after he demanded that refugees fleeing to Europe across the Mediterranean are sent back. remarks are the latest in a series of pointed interventions by the leader on the issue of immigration.
the signature suite at the second-highest-suspended hotel in the world, is located in the centre of the city. the 1,120 sq metre room can only be accessed by a private elevator and overlooks the Arabian Gulf. the sprawling suite features three bedrooms, a pantry, a full dining room, library and cinema. guests will also receive exclusive access to the nation Riviera beach club, which sits along 200 metres of private beachfront.
waitress reveals how the new Zealand prime minister kept playfully pulling her hair despite being told to stop during election time last year. the anonymous waitress had reportedly been working at a cafe called Rosie in parnell, east of Auckland. she wrote on the blog that she was unimpressed by Mr Key's gestures. but he defended his pranks as 'a bit of banter' and said he had already apologised for his actions.
David Cameron and boris johnson left stumped by children's jigsaw. hammered ill-fitting pieces together with his hands at nursery in surbiton. after being put right by a four-year-old who spotted their errors, pair had more fun finger painting with tory blue paint. they were supposed to be highlighting tory plans to double free childcare.
the family of Stephanie Scott's accused murdered have offered their condolences. Vincent Stanford, 24, is accused of murdering the 26-year-old teacher. he is accused of dumping her body in bushland on Easter Sunday. a memorial service for Ms Scott will take place at the venue where her wedding was due to take place on wednesday.
idea that SSRI drugs raise serotonin levels in the brain is a myth, professor says. professor David healy is head of psychiatry at the hergest psychiatric unit. he suggests success of SSRI drugs was based on'marketing of a myth' emergence of SSRIs in late 1980s came after concerns about tranquilliser use.
Tianwen Chen, 65, and his wife. Gairen Guo, 60, found their first child in a box on the roadside in 1989. gradually took more and more disabled children into their two-bedroom home in. rural Shanxi province, central china. the couple are now living comfortably with 12 of the children with the help of donations by kind-hearted people.
prince will take six weeks of paternity leave with the duchess of cambridge due to give birth to their next child in a few days' time. 'o duchess of my dreams, I am at your beck and call, coiled like a watchspring to hold milk bottles and change nappies until the first week of June,' he says. 'he may be a prince of the realm, but under it all he is a new man, bowing to convention like
Jackson byrnes, 18, underwent a risky operation to remove a brain tumour. only one surgeon in australia was willing to perform the risky operation. he woke up from the operation with the ability to move his body, thank his surgeon and even ask his relieved mother for food. his family are 'over the moon' that the surgery was a success.
the couple took to the red carpet at the annual event held at jazz at Lincoln center in new york city.
Manhattan-based skin clinic Skin laundry says that their light and laser procedure will leave your skin 'glowing' after just ten minutes. it also promises that long-term use will reduce wrinkles, clear acne, and minimize scarring.
a funeral for teacher Stephanie Scott was held in central-west nsw on wednesday. fiance and partner of five years Aaron Leeson-woolley was among the mourners. her sister, Kim, shared humorous childhood memories of the teacher. one of her students, vice captain Grace green, said she enjoyed her excursions with her teacher, remembering 'fish and chips at Circular quay'
seven-year-old Colin sent a letter to star wars creator asking him to change the rule that bans Jedi Knights from marrying. forming emotional attachments is said by the rules to lead Jedis to the 'dark side'
eleven leading figures from nine parties have written a joint letter to the times. accuse the CPS of orchestrating a 'whitewash' over decision not to prosecute. they say director of public prosecutions is 'damaging public confidence' in justice.
Sgt. Daniel Knapp received combat medals after serving in Afghanistan, but has been denied re-enlistment due to the service's strict policy on body ink. despite having several tattoos while in the marines, it is the one he got on his forearm after he left – a pair of crossed rifles and 0311 designation for marine riflemen – that has cost him his chance at reenlistment. 'When i was in Afghanistan, my tattoo
Joanessa Clawson, 35, her husband James Clawson, 38, and her mother posed as a nurse to back up their story. they allegedly set up a fake gofundme page asking for donations for their daughter, who had a heart infection after surgery. the page, which has now been removed, raised just $195 but was asking for $3,000.
George Nagobads was visiting his wife's grave at the crystal lake cemetery in Minneapolis on Sunday when he was allegedly mugged by a teenager. he was released from the hospital on Tuesday with 18 stitches in his head. Nagobads was team doctor for the famous 'Miracle on ice' team that won the improbable gold medal in 1980.
labour leader said he would have to pay the proposed £250 a month'mansion tax' but he claimed this did not mean he actually lived in one. the claim comes despite revelations that his four-storey town house has two kitchens – including one for the family's live-in nanny.
Ganjendra Singh, 41, was seen sitting in the tree for some time before throwing a suicide note into the crowd. seconds later he hanged himself with a white scarf and - despite the best efforts of rally organisers who climbed the tree to untie him - was later declared dead at hospital. protests were organised by members of the aam aadmi political party.
chess prodigy Jonah Willow was an underdog even in the eyes of his most ardent supporters. pitted against chess grandmaster Alexander Cherniaev for hours before the 45-year-old suggested a draw. 'the grandmaster felt he could do nothing more to force a win or to break his way through,' said his proud father.
'swazi gold' is grown in the tiny south african sovereign state of Swaziland. farmers have developed the potent strain through cross-pollination. it boasts a staggeringly high concentration of THC, the psychoactive agent. what stays in the country is mixed with heroin to make nyope. substance is highly addictive and causes long-term mental problems.
Phoebe jo chapman, 42, turned herself in to the lowndes county sheriff's office on tuesday morning. she has been charged with three counts of sexual assault - one count for each victim. investigators say there were still attending lowndes high school when the alleged sexual encounters occurred.
Geraldine R. Jones, 36, of Gary, indiana, has been charged with murder, kidnapping and criminal confinement over the death of new mom, 23-year-old Samantha Fleming. police say Jones pretended to be a child-welfare worker in order to steal the young mother's 17-day-old daughter and claim the girl as her own. the body was found doused in bleach, put in a garbage bag that was duct taped and hidden in a
supermarket's clothing brand has launched what is estimated to be the cheapest bridal gown on the market. the dress is simple enough to be worn again rather than being stashed away in a cupboard and forgotten. it comes in sizes six to 18 and features a quirky lace neckline and a flattering fit to suit all body shapes.
more than five million visas are expected to be issued to students, tourists and workers this year. as many as 1.9 million foreigners travelling on short term visas are predicted to be spending time down under at any one time. while a record 185,000 permanent migrants moved to australia in 1969 - this figure is likely to be exceeded in 2015.
pilots have reported 167 cases of toxic cabin fumes or smoke in four months. twelve of the cases resulted in pilots requesting priority landing. on two flights the pilots made an emergency mayday call. details emerged in report broadcast last night by ITV news.
fire boat Massey Shaw was requisitioned from the London fire brigade in 1940 and transported to the beaches. after carrying 600 soldiers back to britain, the boat returned to london where it helped save buildings. the boat went out of service in 1971, and four decades was used as a walkway in a dock, allowing people to get to other bessels. but it took six years to undo the damage wrought on the boat and restore it to how it was
Marcus copeland, 44, splashed out almost £1million to complete eco house. he sourced specialist stone and installed environmentally friendly technologies. father-of-two's dream had become nightmare after he admitted lying on mortgage forms to secure more than £800,000 for the property.
Marine le pen, 46, has been named one of time magazine's 100 most influential people alongside president Barack Obama, pope francis and kanye west. in an interview before a dinner in honour of the time 100 ion new york on Tuesday, the leader of the staunchly anti-immigration front spoke of representing a 'great political force' the recognition comes at an eventful time for le Pen, who recently announced she would oppose her father, Jean-Marie, on his candidacy in
biologists studied the healing process at a molecular level using electron microscopes to examine skin as it repairs itself. they found skin cells appear to attach to each other using tiny tubes that then pull them together so they interlock like a zip. researchers hope their findings could help in the development of new treatments for wounds that could speed up this process.
Ronan ghosh, 39, was caught on CCTV attempting to smuggle the goods out of the store in a bag after paying for other items at the checkout. the company boss lives in a £500,000 home in an exclusive neighbourhood and runs two BMWs. a court heard that he was caught shoplifting after heading to a Tesco store following an argument with his girlfriend.
surgeon Sergio canavero says he is ready to be branded a 'dr frankenstein' he also has no problem with wealthy tycoons using the procedure to get a young body. he said he will carry out the procedure in china if he is banned from doing so in the EU or former Soviet union.
the 27-year-old actress welcomed her first child with Ryan Reynolds in January. has been out and about promoting her new movie, age of adaline. has shunned the gym in favour of al fresco activities.
Sally Lutkin, 49, had a rose surrounded by her grandchildren's names tattooed. but the tattoo became so swollen that she couldn't walk. she had emergency surgery to stop infection spreading to her bone. left with a bloody hole resembling a gunshot in the middle of her rose.
the #milifandom hashtag has prompted hundreds of tweets of affection for the opposition leader in the run-up to the may 7th election. led by @twcuddleston, an AS levels student by the name of abby, the unlikely fan club has prompted hundreds of tweets. in her twitter profile, she describes herself as 'leader of the milifandom, a movement against the distorted media portrayal of Ed'
the strapless dress is a red carpet staple for fine-boned actresses. can a woman with 34G curves ever look fab in a strapless dress?
Stewart brand is president of the long now foundation and editor of the whole earth catalogue. he believes the focus on widespread extinctions may actually be harmful. instead he argues it is highly unlikely that the planet is facing a sixth mass extinction as many threatened species are recovering.
Scott keyes, 28, is about to travel 20,000 miles on 21 flights in first class. he reveals his travel hacks in his eBooks how to fly for free and how to find cheap flights. keyes says credit cards are the best way to rack up frequent flyer miles.
Shirley temple's bitter ex-husband called her 'emotionally unstable' during background check. he said she would 'overreact if she didn't get her way' and that her mother wrecked their marriage. claims were revealed in FBI files obtained through freedom of information requests.
in two years the Thames Bath Lido, which will sit near blackfriars bridge, should open with the backing of a recently launched crowdfunding project. plans have moved far quicker than an initial ten-year initiative to clean up the Thames for swimmers with the aid of celebrities such as Tracy Emin and David Walliams. the plan is to incorporate two pools, a 25 meter lap pool and a training pool.
YouTube entertainer yousef saleh erakat disguised himself as a homeless man to see what would happen if he offered people on the street his own money instead. he said he wanted to 'flip the script' and found out the results were often less than kind.
middle-aged women with very long natural hair on the rise, say experts. supermodel twiggy recently stood up for older women with long locks. fiona steane, 50, wanted to cut all her hair off when she was 15 but her mother refused.
the video was recorded in the state of washington, where recreational use of marijuana was legalized in July of last year. released on 420, the video shows the three ex-cops smoking several times over the course of a few hours while discussing the drug and eating snacks.
LaTasha gosling, 27, and her two daughters, Janyaa, 4, and Jenika, 8, and her son landen, 7, were found murdered at their home in Tisdale, Saskatchewan. the suspect in the case was found just hours later dead and had a six-month-old baby with him who was unharmed. family of the goslings are now trying to raise money for their funeral services, and have started a gofundme page.
twitter users have begun editing Ed Miliband's face onto famous men's bodies. from marlon brando and hollywood legends to astronaut and tv star. account called 'cool ed miliband' has already posted 45 images.
Memphis city council agreed that the planes can be moved to a site nearby. visitors to Graceland will have to pay extra to see the planes. the planes are to form a new, separate museum about the dead singer.
Gulam chowdhury, 24, stabbed his love rival Mohammed afzal 20 times. court heard that mr afzal had threatened to show intimate photos of Nargis riyaz, 22, to her strict imam father. ms riyaz had been involved in a relationship with mr chowdhury and mr riaz for several weeks before the murder on march 24, 2014. mr riaz
veteran ESPN reporter shelley smith is set to return to work six months after announcing she had breast cancer. the 56-year-old will make her first appearance on april 30, just before the NFL draft. she revealed in an interview with sports illustrated that she will not be wearing a wig upon her return and is proud of her bald head.
Aaron Siler, 26, was fatally shot after he 'armed himself with a weapon' after being confronted by officer Pablo Torres on march 14. in the meantime a billboard featuring a photograph of Torres and his dog has been erected in Kenosham, wisconsin. Siler's family and friends have called the billboard 'disrespectful' and are asking for it to be taken down.
the five-star hotel in Porto celebrates all things wine - in particular, port wine. hotel has been open just five years - a fraction of the age of some pricier bottles. the Bacchus suite boasts a high-vaulted wooden ceiling, copper jacuzzi and fireplace.
paralyzed former police officer tom mctevia, 42, was traveling with a group and driving his friend, Tina hoisington, 45, near an overlook at lake pend oreille in Bonner county. when the group stopped for a photograph around noon, his ATV got too close to the edge of the 2,000-foot cliff and went over. a firefighter reached the first victim's body after rappelling down 500 feet of rock, and the second victim was found 1,
pub landlord said he went to bed at 12.30am and awoke beside his car. the 36-year-old insisted he must have been'sleep walking' but prosecutors said he had failed to stop after a car crash. he was convicted of drink driving and banned from driving for 12 months.
king goodwill zwelithini has been blamed for sparking xenophobic riots. last month he said foreigners should 'pack their belongings' and leave. he also labelled homosexuals as 'rotten' and resurrected virginity testing. but he is now bankrupt - despite 54million rand (£3million) from government.
flat head syndrome is where the back of the head becomes flattened. this causes the head to widen and the front of the skull to bulge out. it is thought to be caused by babies sleeping on their backs. as it is not medically dangerous, the NHS does not pay for treatment. instead, parents are advised to move their children on to their stomachs. after doing some research, mother-of-two Kate Roberts, 24, discovered the condition can lead to facial disfigurement and even blindness
grey and white cat marv became stuck in a gap between two garages. he was left dangling upside down for over two hours. the RSPCA were unable to coax him out and firefighters had to tunnel through a garage wall with a chisel to free him.
television personality and author bill nye 'the science guy' joined president obama today for an earth day excursion, riding aboard air force one with the president during his visit to the florida everglades. the white house said Tuesday that Nye would make the trek today on its behalf to shoot a video of the president. on the road trip from joint base Andrews in Maryland to the florida swamp and back again, a 1,836 mile flight, he will have ample opportunity to
Philip garrod, 43, was caught by a speed camera doing 105mph. pleaded guilty and was fined £650 with six points for speeding. then began weaving a web of lies to try and avoid a driving ban. claimed he was rushing to work after colleague told him cyclist was injured. but judge ordered an adjournment to take witness statements before making a decision on his driving ban.
Colin hendry, 49, admitted drink driving at blackpool magistrates' court. he was almost twice over the legal limit after a row with his then girlfriend. police followed his car as it crossed double white lines in Lytham, lancashire. father-of-four was seen driving at up to 50mph while drunk, court heard. he has been banned from driving and must travel around on his bike.
10 percent of young men and women who sign up to join the army are currently refused because they are too heavy. major general allen batschelet says that as many as half of young americans will be so grossly overweight by the end of the decade that the military will be unable to recruit enough qualified soldiers. of the 195,000 young men and women who signed up to fight for our country in 2014, only 72,000 qualified.
Stanford computer science student lea coligado, 21, created Women of Silicon valley, a blog based on the people-profiling website humans of new york. the goal of the project is 'to celebrate these living - and thriving - examples of female success, these rebels against the numbers and the gender norms'
the Australian Vaccination-skeptics network posted the image on their facebook page on thursday. it shows a man holding a woman with his hand over her mouth in an aggressive silencing gesture. the tag line read, 'forced penetration. really- no big deal, if it's just a vaccination needle and he's a doctor. do you really "need" control over over your own choices?' the post caused an instant outcry from followers and opponents of
the 14-year-old is now fighting for her life in Delhi’s Safdarjung hospital. she was allegedly gang-raped on Sunday when she went outside to relieve herself. on Tuesday she set herself on fire using kerosene to the shock of her brother.
the brightly coloured pedestrian crossing was due to be installed in totnes. it was due to be a mark of the town's pride for its gay community. but experts have warned that painting the road different colours could have side-effects for people with Alzheimer's. councillors told the proud2be group to go away and seek medical advice from experts.
the IRS' overloaded phone system hung up on more than eight million taxpayers this filing season as the agency cut millions of dollars from customer services. for those who weren't disconnected, only 40percent actually got through to a person. many of those people had to wait on hold for more than 30 minutes, IRS commissioner John Koskinen said. at a hearing Wednesday, Koskinen blamed budget cuts approved by congress.
the findings, in the journal of the american medical association (JAMA), are based on a study of about 95,000 young people. since autism can run in families, researchers decided to look at whether vaccines could make autism even more likely in children who had siblings with autism.
a tractor-trailer failed to slow down and smashed into stop-and-go traffic, authorities said. the big truck then rolled over a small passenger car that burst into flames. all five of the victims were nursing students at Georgia Southern university. the students were commuting to hospital for their last day of clinical training of the school year.
a social media staffer to real estate magnate Donald Trump retweeted an off-color jab at former secretary of state Hillary Clinton on thursday. 'if Hillary Clinton can't satisfy her husband, what makes her think she can satisfy america?' asked a college student. when someone retweeted the quip two hours later and included Trump's twitter handle in the message, one of the billionaire's staffers retweeted it for him
in an advert posted on gumtree, 'Martin' informs people looking at the room that there is a leak in the room. he adds: 'every now and then there are few drips from the corner of the ceiling, nothing major but it is happening hence the cheap price'.
Davion only, 16, had spent his entire life in foster care after his mother gave birth to him behind bars. in 2013 he stood before his church to beg for someone to adopt him, and now he has a permanent home with his former caseworker. 'i've always loved him, the same as my other children. my commitment to him is for his whole life,' said connie going.
four seasons set out to recreate hotel experience in the sky in a bid to cater to the growing demand among modern luxury travellers. revealed in a minute-long video, the aeroplane is displayed sitting on a runway. inside the aircraft, the clip shows off the all-white interior and leather flat-bed seats – the work of italian design Iacobucci.
judge John Koeltl said in a decision made public Tuesday that the incendiary ad is speech protected under the first amendment. he said he was sensitive to the metropolitan transportation authority's claim that the poster could incite violence. but he noted that substantially the same advertisement ran in San Francisco and Chicago in 2013 without incident.
Brad and angelina have a combined net worth of £260million. couple allegedly booked out an entire floor of a five-star hotel in malta. they have also been reported to charter entire trains for a bit of privacy.
six men jailed for 31 years after being convicted of string of sexual offences. offences ranged from inciting sexual activity with a child, to rape. victims aged between 13 and 16 were targeted by the gang at under-18s parties organised by Ahmed hassan-sule, known as 'Fiddy'
hole appeared on residential road in northampton at around 2pm on thursday. motorists had to swerve out of the way of the giant chasm. police sealed off the road to avoid anyone falling into the hole.
two people were taken to Massachusetts general hospital with what are believed to be minor injuries after the unscheduled landing at Logan airport in Boston. one passenger said that the turbulence felt like 'king Kong picked up the plane and shook it like there was no tomorrow' another passenger said that other travelers on board got sick.
a bold red fox spots a deer bone on a frozen lake in furen, japan. it begins to fight off a flock of crows and an eagle for the tasty lunch. but when a pair of eagles turn up the fox realises he has taken on too much. he takes a tumble and lands on his head, losing the dispute over the bone.
eight-year-old boy picked up the unwrapped condom in his school playground. he thought it was a balloon and put it in his mouth thinking it was a balloon. his mother said it would be a year before her son had the all-clear. she added that his life could be forever changed and he could face millions of dollars in medical bills.
the trailer was one of several Warner bros screen at cinemacon on Thursday, and the creepy two-minute clip was a highlight of the day. in the trailer, depp looks several years older, with grey slicked back hair and his brown eyes changes to a grey-blue. in the film, depp plays the notorious gangster who topped the FBI's most wanted list for 16 years before he was finally arrested in 2011.
in rare foreign policy speech, labour leader will pledge to ‘restore our commitment’ to the european union and other international groups such as the united nations. he will accuse david cameron of ‘taking Britain to the edge of european exit’. he will pledge to embrace the EU in a bid to secure reforms.
a new ask reddit thread invited members of the disabled community to list all the ways able-bodied people think they are being supportive, but end up being just the opposite. nearly 4,000 comments were made in the space of a day. many disabled people say it was insulting and patronising to be 'praised' for doing normal things, like going to university.
waitress Amanda Bailey, 26, took to an online blog to detail how the new Zealand prime minister kept playfully pulling her hair. she said she 'expected more from him' and wanted 'the public to be aware' the waitress worked at a cafe called Rosie in parnell, east of Auckland. the cafe is frequented by the prime minister and his wife bronagh.
woman, 20, flagged down car belonging to alleged attacker Masood mansouri. but instead of taking her to a nightclub, he allegedly drove off without her. it is alleged he took her to his home where he sexually assaulted and raped her. she managed to escape by hiding in bushes, before getting another taxi to club. but the next day she became so distressed she broke down and told her mother. five days later she took an overdose
a new report claims serial killer could have been caught before he murdered seven backpackers. it claims the 'wrong man' who was jailed for his first crime could have saved the lives of the killer's victims. Ivan milat, 70, was convicted of butchering seven young people between 1989 and 1992 and burying their bodies in the Belanglo state forest in southern NSW. he has been locked in goulburn's supermax jail for almost 20 years.
belle Gibson has admitted that she never had cancer. we fell for her story because we wanted to believe in her. here are five ways that the belle s of the world win us over.
Patrick james 'patrick' fredricksen, 30, was stopped on his way to a child's home in eastern utah, police say. he has previous convictions for unlawful sexual activity with a minor and impersonating a firefighter.
institute for fiscal studies said 'vague' promise to balance books would allow labour to borrow £90billion more than the tories by 2020. this would rise to £280billion in extra debt by the end of the next decade if labour remained in power. think-tank warned labour's failure to control borrowing would leave Britain 'less well placed to deal with future adverse events'
a two-year-old girl was abducted from a car wash in gardena, california, on april 2 and dumped in a restaurant parking lot hours later. the girl's father, 36-year-old michael david Ikeler, was arrested and charged with three counts of sexual assault. a neighbor noticed Ikeler altering the appearance of his car, which matched the description of the girl's abduction.
Bhadreshkumar chetanbhai patel, 24, is on the run after allegedly beating his wife to death with a kitchen knife at a Dunkin' donuts in Maryland where they both worked. a federal criminal complaint said that patel was last seen at a hotel near newark international airport shortly after his wife was killed on April 12. the FBI announced on Wednesday that a $20,000 reward is being offered for information that leads to his arrest.
the decision by the U.S. court of Appeals for the Federal. Circuit rejected the band's argument that the government's refusal to grant a trademark violated its free speech rights. the ruling could have implications for the high-profile fight over whether the national football league's Washington. redskins should lose its trademarks.
high rise holiday resort dating to the 1960s is bidding for Unesco status. many britons know the resort because of a lowbrow tv sitcom. mayor said the resort was applying to reinvent its own image.
the 29-year-old actor stars in the west end play american buffalo. he is also set to star in a film with Ryan gosling and rooney mara. he is also set to play bathsheba in far from the madding crowd.
channel 4 news presenter Krishnan Guru-murthy tried to ask the actor about his drug-taking past. the 50-year-old actor said: 'i'm sorry, I really don't... what are we doing?'
dusty the kangaroo has convinced himself that he is a dog. he spends his days with the couple's dogs on their farm in western australia. the joey sleeps on a dog bed, eats with them, asks for scratches, and even tries to sneak dog treats when he can.
a young woman found a mildly venomous snake curled up in her shopping trolley. she pushed the trolley up an escalator at the supermarket in caboolture. snake catcher richie Gilbert was called to remove the snake and release it. brown tree snakes are known to kill their prey by chewing to inject venom.
Kimberley donoghue, 28, from south wales broke her leg and a bone in her foot. she fell down stairs carrying decorations just four days before her wedding. her father wheeled her into church and she sat down to say her vows. the family are planning another party to celebrate without her cast.
Ashton Taylor was diagnosed with a severe brain condition called dural arteriovenous fistula in July 2013. the 21-year-old student has undergone 15 brain surgeries. she said not even an apology from Gibson would cut it for her.
Deborah Roberts, 53, forced tissue into Phyllis hadlow's mouth at hospital. she also poured water over the dementia patient, telling staff:'my son said if they do it to you, you can do it to them' court heard how Roberts, from deal, mistreated the elderly widow. she was found guilty of ill-treatment but avoided a prison sentence.
Rupa Huq is standing for Ed miliband’s party in key marginal seat in west london. said fellow candidates who turned down cash were ‘sticking their noses up’. she even accused mailonline of 'picking on her' when quizzed about donation.
the blaze took place at a building located on a Flint intersection, and started at about 1pm. a strip club used to be housed at the site. photos taken at the scene showed thick clouds of smoke and large, brightly burning flames.
out-of-date sun creams may separate and not spread evenly. this means you may not be completely covered with vital UV filters. out-of-date lotions are also more likely to cause skin irritations.
fraudsters unaware they had been caught by pin-hole camera in ATM. pair had earlier posed as bank staff and convinced victim his debit cards needed to be recalled for security reasons. crooked pair were filmed laughing and joking as they stole £150 from cash machine in coventry on march 17.
images show jihadis casually posing in front of the terror group's sinister black and white flag while brandishing assault rifles. release came as Nigerian soldiers backed by warplanes invaded the Islamist's final stronghold in the country. over last six years, Boko Haram have killed thousands and kidnapped hundreds in a battle to establish an Islamic caliphate in Nigeria.
the 6ft 5in, 330lb defensive tackle is a regular user of the taxi app. yesterday he told fans that he had sent them a job application. 'it would be a cool way to get some extra cash,' he said on twitter.
professional gambler and racehorse trainer made a fortune by landing a series of six-figure bets on his own horses. when he died, aged 73, he owned a seven-bedroom country estate in Surrey which had been valued at £4.25million. but before he died, in 2011, he and his second wife Penny Ann Davison, 59, fought a bitter battle through the divorce courts over his fortune. a judge found that Mr Davison had
officer michael rapiejko rammed his patrol car into armed robbery suspect mario valencia in marana, arizona, on february 19. he told investigators it was either'shoot him or run him over' the video sparked fierce debate on the use of deadly force with some accusing him of misconduct and others labeling the cop as a hero.
keepers at the Columbus Zoo say ten-year-old Irisa had mated before but never conceived. however, this spring it was found the female cat was pregnant - with triplets. while the birth on Tuesday morning went smoothly, Irisa failed to show any maternal care so her offspring are currently being hand-reared in an incubator.
a new poll found only 38 per cent of americans believe she is honest and trustworthy. part of it will involve the foundation re-filing some of its annual tax returns to correct errors in how it has reported income from foreign governments. murky picture also includes tens of millions of dollars bill Clinton collected in speaking fees from companies that saw their fortunes rise.
Evnika saadvakass became a YouTube sensation when she was five-years-old after she was filmed throwing around 100 punches in less than two minutes. the video was viewed around three million times and now two years on the young girl has returned to update the world on her progress. standing with an orthodox stance, the youngster begins raining shots at her father who cycles his hands to meet her demand.
Brendan cordina found his grandfather's medals in the northern territory. he drove over 3500 kilometres in four days to be reunited with the family treasures. but he was refused the medals and told they 'were more important to the museum'.
18-year-old was hit over the head 20 times with a rock and dragged into a garden. there she was raped by the man and left for dead in the Beeston area of Leeds. unidentified victim will speak out in tonight's episode of crimewatch. she tells reporters she is too scared to sleep for fear of reliving ordeal.
a federal court of appeals threw out the career home run leader's obstruction of justice conviction on Wednesday, ruling 10-1. his meandering answer before a grand jury in 2003 was not material to the government's investigation into illegal steroids distribution. 'today's news is something that I have long hoped for,' Bonds said in a statement.
Alex Vella, 61, has been banned from re-entering australia for life. he is the president of the rebels outlaw motorcycle gang since 1973. the government cancelled his visa while he was overseas last year. police say he led a violent gang involved in kidnapping, extortion and drug dealing. he has painted himself as a Nelson Mandela-like figure to fund legal battle.
Yamini Karanam, 26, was diagnosed with a pineal tumour in her brain. she was struggling to understand things she had read, and felt lost in conversations. surgeons operated to extract what they believed to be a tumour. but they were shocked to discover it was an embryonic twin. teratomas contain hair, teeth, bone and rarely more complex organs.
project fi switches between wi-fi and cellular networks to curb data use and keep phone bills low. Google is selling the basic phone service for $20 a month and will only charge customers for the amount of cellular data that they use each month. each gigabyte of data will cost $10 a month.
the alarm failed at the former president's home in Houston in september 2013. replacement system was bought in 2014 but installed in december. it came despite an agent's recommendation in 2010 that it be replaced. the request was denied for an unknown reason, according to the report. despite the 15 months, there were no breaches at the property.
the study compared its results to the most severe emissions scenarios outlined by the intergovernmental panel on climate change (IPCC) it says 'climate wiggles' can slow or speed the rate of warming from decade to decade. if not properly explained and accounted for, they may skew the reliability of climate models and lead to over-interpretation.
three men in their 50s arrested on suspicion of murdering missing chef. trio from the york area were questioned over night by police. detectives are still looking for evidence which could lead to her body.
the unidentified pilot was flying a six-seat cessna 310 aircraft, registered VH-tbe, with two adults and three children on board. he became distracted by one of the passengers who coughed 'incessantly' into his headset. the pilot then forgot to put the landing gear down, an air crash report has found. the pilot was'relatively new to the C-310' and unfamiliar with the plane equipment.
a record number of rapes and other sex crimes were logged last year. experts say the rise was partly due to victims being'more willing' to report sex crimes in the wake of the Jimmy Savile sex abuse scandal. the number of murders and manslaughter cases in england and wales has fallen to its lowest level for 38 years.
marissa holcomb, who is five months pregnant with her fourth child, was held up at gunpoint on march 31. she was fired when she refused to pay back $400 robbery cash. now Popeyes in channelview, texas, have offered her job back. but she is unsure whether she wants to go back to the fried chicken chain.
more than 250,000 people have visited the site so far this year, a rise of more than 40 per cent compared with the same period last year. the memorial site has urged potential visitors to book their visits online ahead of time to avoid congestion inside the former concentration camp.
duchess of cambridge, 33, due to give birth to second child in coming days. will provide a little brother or sister to prince george, two. already has nanny and mother Carole at her disposal. parenting blogger Emily-Jane Clark has compiled a list of tips. they include avoiding a double buggy, buying several blue bowls and never setting a specific time for meeting people.
Ben Thurlow, 23, attacked emergency worker as she tried to treat him. was suffering from a suspected concussion after a night out in east yorkshire. emergency crews even called Thurlow's friends and family to calm him down. but on the journey to hospital he once again attacked paramedic Rebecca Hudson. Thurlow was given a four month sentence, suspended for 12 months.
carrie Reichert, 43, has written a book about prince's infamous party night. in excerpt, she says she felt 'overdressed' when she saw him play billiards. she claims alcohol gave her the confidence to approach the prince before kiss. in January, she said she planned to use prince's underpants in strip-tease act.
more than 1,500 people have come out in support of gareth blanks. he was attacked as he walked home from the shops in Truro, cornwall. the 31-year-old was kicked and punched more than 20 times in the head and body. his mother, Sandra, 54, says it will take him a long time to recover.
some nicknames refer to the ancient heritage of the city, some refer to the industry found in the city, some refer to the cities’ environment. just the flight have researched city nicknames all over the world to produce a handy infographic.
shareholders vented frustration at the generous pay packages handed to hundreds of its top traders yesterday. chairman sir david walker defended the bank’s decision to pay out £1.86billion in bonuses, including packages of more than £1million to 359 employees. shareholders are reeling from big losses in their investments and pension funds.
Jamie jewitt, 24, from Essex, weighed 15st before his 15th birthday. his best friend, Henry Rogers, 22, hit 18st at his heaviest. he went on an intense two-year diet, including going vegan for a year. after shedding the pounds, he landed a job at abercrombie & fitch. he was scouted by top agency, Models 1, and now weighs 12st.
the loss is the largest ever declared by a british retailer. it reflects a shift in shopping habits away from big supermarkets. shares in the supermarket closed down 5.2 per cent on the day.
wesley Burton, 36, was driving home from work when a white dodge charger crashed into his silver mercury. the crash occurred near the Berkeley-oakland city line and police say the hit-and-run driver fled the on foot. his wife Lucrecia has made a tearful plea for anyone with information to come forward.
sports brand features prominently on a leaflet distributed in de facto capital. warning ISIS jihadis about items of clothing they are no longer allowed to wear. comes after one militant decried popularity of Nike among ISIS fighters. he compared the brand's name and famous 'tick' logo to wearing a cross.
Romanian company MB Telecom has revealed the Roboscan 2M Aeria. it uses a cone of radiation to sweep across planes and look inside. the device is accurate enough to find a filament in a light bulb. but the radiation it emits is not safe for passengers yet. the company says it could become a vital tool in aircraft safety.
four friends from uppsala, Sweden, were on their way to see les misérables on Broadway. they rushed into a rush-hour 6 train to stop a brutal assault on a rider. 'we came here for vacation. we’ve been here one day. we’re no heroes, just tourists,' said Makrus sberg, a 25-year-old officer with the police uppsala. 'i can't breath! I can
Miriam said she had been'religiously paying taxes' in the uk for 10 years. but she took a swipe at the party her husband has spent five years in power with. comes after he warned 'bandwagons of the far right' are encircling the party.
former soviet state has gained the most from the strong pound. resorts on its black sea coast offer best value in terms of a meal out. algarve in portugal was the second cheapest destination in the eu. peak-season return flights to Burgas airport cost £400 a head.
the shepherd’s life: a tale of the lake district by james rebanks. it is the enlightening account of a year in the life of a sheep farmer. every year, spring and autumn feel like flimsy bookends to a long, harsh winter.
bodycam footage shows officer Brian barnett, 25, shooting Donald allen, 66. he then shoots him dead after he comes at him with the loaded gun. Deputy chief of police said: 'he made the decision he had to make'
Janice Baker Kinney, Marcella. Tate, and autumn burns held a press conference on. Thursday morning in los angeles, to announce their claims. their attorney Gloria allred said the event was timed deliberately to damage sales for the comedian's upcoming shows on his nationwide tour. cosby has yet to comment on the new allegations.
bestselling author Jon Krakauer's new book, missoula: Rape and the justice system in a college town, was released on tuesday. the book documents the explosive allegations of rape at the university of Montana at missoula. 'if this problem could exist in missoula, it could exist anywhere in the country, and it does,' he said. 'if this problem could exist in missoula, it could exist anywhere in the country, and it does
'what the Clinton Foundation has said is that we will be even more transparent' in the wake of the scandalous claims, said Chelsea, the philanthropy's vice chair. 'even though transparency international and others have said we're among the most transparent of foundations,' she said. the foundation recently committed to stop taking donations from foreign governments but insisted it wouldn't return money it has already collected. that hasn't sat well with Republicans vying for their party
Chinese designers have developed a bike that contains a washing machine drum in its front wheel. when ridden, the pedalling motion causes the drum to rotate, churning your clothes inside like a traditional washer. a generator inside the bike also creates electricity which can be stored for later use. the invention could also find use in remote areas where people do not have access to reliable supplies of electricity.
Eloise parry, known as Ella, 'burned up from the inside, after swallowing the highly-toxic substance known as dinitrophenol, or DNP. after taking the tablets her metabolism began to soar and she started to overheat. her mother issued a stark warning about buying diet pills online, saying her daughter never intended to take her own life.
the staff at the white house live out in washington and commute in. they see little of their families and are often divorced as a result. keeping the organisation running smoothly is a complex operation.
thenga Adams, flying from Guyana in south america was arrested after customs searched the sneakers in his luggage. when customs opened the soles of the athletic shoes they found $30,000 worth of cocaine. this is the second time a person flying from guyana was nabbed at JFK for allegedly trying to smuggle drugs.
veteran parades and Morris men were seen across the country with spectators draped in flags cheering them on. the prime minister described the day as 'a day to be celebrate all that makes England great'. temperatures were slightly warmer across the country today than on the same day last year, with north yorkshire the warmest.
Aimee craven, 32, of east yorkshire, spotted £20 clothes horse on train. mother-of-one thought it had been left behind by its owner in carriage. but police trawled through footage to track her down in Brough, east yorkshire. they removed her from train and drove her home in police van with caution. miss craven said: 'it was a spur of the moment, stupid decision, which i am sorry for'
baby opens all ten lips when he is sucking at his mother's udders. but he can only take in milk through two of his mouths. calf is being fed three times a day at the dairy farm where he was born.
all three main parties' education spokesmen said they would have no problem with the next education secretary sending their children to private school. labour’s shadow education secretary answered first and said: ‘yes. in certain circumstances’. he also confirmed labour could fire thousands of ‘unqualified’ teachers across the state sector.
Brett Robinson, 33, will stand trial next week on 12 charges related to sexual misconduct and official misconduct. she allegedly let the inmate out of his cell multiple times and engaged in sex acts with him between march and july last year. she was hoping to present a psychologists report as evidence of mental disease or defect. the report said she was suffering from mental illness at the time of the alleged encounters and that it made her 'vulnerable, passive and gullible' but a judge
Jacksonville, florida photographer Kristina bewley started taking her 4-year-old daughter to the theme park in september 2014. each time the family visits, Giselle puts on a new princess dress her mother bought for her.
party announces it will make it a bank holiday in england on st george's day. economic spokesman faces questions on whether he would have been welcomed.
the 50-foot whale was still on the Pacifica state beach on Wednesday after washing up on the sand the week before. before the tide came in, beachgoers took photos of where 'east bay rats motorcycle club' was on the whale. it's unclear how the whale died but it does not appear to have any broken bones or show signs of blunt force trauma.
candle-lit vigils held in Malta and italy to remember migrant victims. over 900 died when their boat capsized off the coast of Libya this weekend. a memorial service was also held in front of Rome's verano cemetery. it came as three people - including a child - died when a wooden boat ran aground on the Greek island of Rhodes. relentless tide of migrants fleeing war-torn country has continued since tragedy.
the gang used the power tool to cut through the wall of the secured vault. they raided 72 security boxes before escaping with wheelie bins full of gems. the hole used by the gang was just 45cm wide and 25cm high.
appeal comes at the request of some of the victims' families. officers had previously been unable to identify individuals in images. form part of ongoing inquiry aiming to establish whether any individual or organisation was to blame for disaster.
Lizzi Crawford, 32, tipped the scales at 20 stone thanks to a boozy lifestyle. the mother-of-six reached a size 24 dress after eating burgers, pizzas and kebabs. she also consumed liquid calories in the form of wine and spirits. in a serious bid to slim down she began cooking healthier meals.
a black woman, Tyus byrd, was recently elected mayor of the town over the white incumbent candidate. six city officials quit their jobs shortly after byrd won, according to multiple reports. two of those individuals - Trish Cohen, the town's former police chief, and rich Medley, the town's former assistant police chief - recently spoke to NBC news. Cohen alleged in the interview that she and Medley feared for their safety, and their home addresses had been shared online by byr
the world's richest man says it is unrealistic to expect large numbers of people to become vegetarians. he believes it will be possible to provide enough meat for the world's growing population as demand in developing countries increases. researchers in Israel are working on the world's first lab-grown chicken.
made-to-measure pink croc Hermes Birkin bag embellished with rubies. so exclusive that it can't even be brought in store. experts say it's an extremely good investment.
Mary Doyle keefe, 92, passed away on tuesday after a brief illness. she posed for Norman rockwell's painting as a 19-year-old telephone operator. the painting became a symbol for feminism and economic power for women.
the european parliament is set to vote on closing the current loophole. producers of alcoholic drinks are not obliged to reveal nutritional value. winemakers argue that introducing nutritional labelling would lead to an intolerable rise in production costs.
Paul Armstrong, 26, pleaded guilty to possession of a firearm and two weapons. he was stopped at the airport with stun gun, baton and knuckle dusters. judge told court: 'the general public need to be warned about the gravity of bringing home such souvenirs'
the pm was repeatedly interrupted while trying to answer questions on radio 1. host Chris Smith also accused of being hostile towards the prime minister. listeners commenting on twitter branded the interview 'appalling'.
Adam gadahn, a former little leaguer, was born in 1978 in Oregon as Adam pearlman. converted to Islam at the age of 17 and joined al-qaida as a propagandist. he was the first american citizen to be charged with treason since the second world war.
the australian embassy has been summoned to nusakambangan island - where the executions will be carried out - on Saturday. lawyer for a Nigerian man scheduled for execution with Chan and sukumaran says the embassy has been summoned to central Java. president joko widodo confirmed the executions were 'only a matter of time'.
Chancellor warns of a 'dangerous cocktail' if snp hold the balance of power. claims it would spark a 'constitutional crisis' if no party wins overall majority. snp leader Nicola stagg launched £140billion 'ransom note' for labour.
William Hilton Paul, 22, was driving a 2006 Honda Ridgeline at 11.24am on sunday when he crashed into the back of an unoccupied parked car, according to police. witnesses said he was'revving his engine' while sitting alone in the truck. he was treated at the university of Kentucky hospital for minor injuries to his face but was not arrested.
a new survey by edge hill university has charted a direct link between anxiety ahead of exams and grades achieved. it found pupils who worry about their exam performance are more likely to do badly than those who are less anxious. the study questioned 705 pupils from 11 schools.
E4 will shut down for 12 hours on the day of the general election. cult sitcoms like the big bang theory and how i met your mother will be shown instead. specially-produced advert featuring 'Darren' – the man fictionally in charge of keeping the programme on air, will be played. channel 4 will also run a special advertising campaign encouraging youngsters to vote.
two men were arrested in turkey by counterterrorism agencies. they were caught trying to sneak into Syria to join the Islamic state. it's claimed the men were on their way to join the terror group. it comes a day after a new extradition treaty and intelligence-sharing agreement was struck between australia and turkey.
ambulance service increasingly reliant on firemen to attend life-threatening emergencies. fire engines being turned into makeshift ambulances to ferry patients to a&e. senior union officials say practice is irresponsible and dangerous. in one case earlier this year an elderly lady is feared to have died because she was left in the hands of fire crews for nearly 40 minutes.
dr arfon Williams is now the only doctor available across two rural practices. his partner and colleague of 20 years retired at the end of march. his surgery has been unable to attract a replacement and is functioning with a skeleton service, he said. health bosses said difficulties recruiting GPs is a national issue.
second explosion from the volcano in southern chile has covered nearby towns and villages in a thick layer of ash. first eruption in over four decades yesterday sent vast clouds of dust more than six miles into the air. ash covered cars and houses in cities as far as 18 miles away from the source of the eruption as another massive evacuation effort gets underway.
light general aviation aircraft approaches the aero Acres residential airpark. despite the fact the plane travels at speed, its descent appears normal. at that very moment the plane touches down with a bump and scratches along the tarmac.
footage was taken at 10am on march 19 near the Erdun port intersection in Yangzhou city, Jiangsu province. the silver minivan, also known as a 'bread vehicle' in china, is estimated to weigh around one ton.
michael hanline, 69, was convicted of murder for the fatal shooting of truck driver J.T. McGarr in 1980. it emerged that crucial DNA analysis and investigative reports were withheld from his original trial. the longest-serving wrongfully imprisoned inmate in california history was finally released last November.
Justine Jones was left covered in huge sores and in agony after opening the bottle. her mother had bought the bottle for granddaughter abi's 18th birthday. but despite the bottle being sealed, the family were shocked. they found it contained a clear liquid which smelt of bleach.
US authorities suspected that a man accused this week of causing the 2010 'flash crash' was making illicit trades back in 2009 it's been revealed. investigation team involving six agencies want him put on trial in new york. but analysts are bewildered that it's taken this long for action to be taken.
organic farmers must first use'substances from plants, animals or minerals in a homeopathic dilution', before resorting to mainstream medical treatments. vets have called the directives'scientifically illiterate', saying that the use of homeopathy could lead to'serious animal health and welfare detriment'
seat designed by crawley-based firm to eliminate sources of discomfort.'series 7' seats have hand-stitched leather armrests and composite materials. 'lazily padded' economy seats take up legroom, says managing director.
the duchess of cambridge's fiercely loyal inner circle is on standby. they include school friends, society types and family members. pippa middleton, 31, could be godmother to the new baby.
the 72-year-old was arrested at a hotel in the new orleans capital in march. authorities said he had a gun and marijuana in his room. he faces a murder charge in an unrelated case in california. local lawyers believe he can win federal charges in new orleans.
a grainy white substance was found in the office of U.S. rep. Mike Doyle, D-forest hills. the substance has not yet been identified and neither has its sender. the quarantine of room 239 of the Cannon house office building was removed at 3:37 p.m. on Wednesday.
new study claims these 'taxibots' could cut the number of cars needed to perform the same number of journeys per day by 90 per cent. it comes amid reports that companies such as google and Uber are working on technology to develop driverless taxis. even with only one passenger per ride and no complementary public transport, the number of cars still dropped by 77 per cent.
Barry beavis, 48, was fined £85 for overstaying in a car park in chelmsford. fish and chip shop owner said fine was unfair, disproportionate and unenforceable. but appeal court judges ruled it was enforceable because it was not 'excessive' motoring groups said ruling was victory for parking cowboys.
the prime minister stepped off the sleeper train at penzance this morning. he was wearing a navy jacket, dark blue shirt, jeans and smart shoes. tory leader is battling against coalition partners in the south-west. but he is still trailing Ed miliband's labour party nationally.
the image shows a giant distant cluster of about 3,000 stars called westerlund 2 inside a stellar 'breeding ground' called Gum 29, 20,000 light-years from earth. in the image massive young stars can be seen feeding a nearby region with the fuel it needs to form new stars. the image was released today to celebrate the 25th anniversary of the launch of the Hubble space telescope.
i had a ringside seat on labour’s complete failure on immigration from 2001. economic migration from outside the EU has been capped at 20,700 skilled professionals a year. under labour, for years, 90 per cent of job growth was taken up by foreign workers.
the mother of Nicholas figueroa, 23, has spoken out for the first time since her son died in a gas explosion on new york city's 2nd avenue last month. she said that though she cries every night, those responsible for the explosion and handling its aftermath have not reached out to her. 'nobody's spoken to me, no one has called to give condolences,' she said at a memorial to her son that was set up Thursday at the site of the disaster. the
bikram yoga involves performing 26 poses in a room heated to 40°C (105°F), with 40 per cent humidity. scientists at the university of Wisconsin-la crosse have warned the practice can raise a person's body temperature and heart rate to dangerous levels. a male participant recorded the highest core temperature of 40°C (104°f) a female participant recorded the lowest core temperature of 38°C (102°f)
the wellness warrior sensationally admitted that her terminal brain cancer diagnosis was a lie in an interview with the australian women's weekly. leading psychologist says this is a common reaction from people who are suffering from anti-social personality and narcissism disorders. lack of remorse is a common trait seen in those with anti-social personalities.
biblical apostle was blinded for three days after seeing a bright light. astronomers believe it may have been a meteor that struck in russia in 2013. fireball blazed across southern urals and screamed into atmosphere at 41,600 mph.
fitness fanatic bombarded Brazilian model with up to 50 messages a day. he tried to blackmail her out of £5,000 after their six-month relationship broke down. when she refused to pay, he mocked-up an escort website profile on facebook. the 30-year-old was found guilty of harassment without violence in his absence. he was given a 12 month community order and told to do 120 hours unpaid work.
amelia put on three stone in her first few months of university. spent almost £1,000 on food in her first term alone. completely unaware that she had a wheat intolerance. binged on doughy snacks, which left her bloated and struggling to fit into her size 14 jeans and size 16 tops.
theresa dybalski, a retired insurance company from lackawanna, new york, was celebrating at a birthday lunch when she received the ticket. the friend who gave it to her has since died, so she plans to share her winnings with the friend's family. she received a lump-sum payment of $522,822 after taxes from her $1million winnings last month.
the classic combination of battered fish and chipped potatoes deep-fried in beef fat or vegetable oil is as english as the cup of tea that washes it down. but just as tea originates in india or china, fish and chips is partly Portuguese and partly Belgian. polenta was brought to britain by a group of polonaises, a group of polonaises from poland.
Graeme whippps captured this incredible image of the skies above pitcaple in Aberdeenshire yesterday. the meteors were part of the Lyrid meteor shower, which has been observed for the last 2,700 years. the annual celestial event is most visible in the northern hemisphere and is expected to peak tonight.
figures from the Catholic church show number of women becoming nuns has trebled from 15 in 2009 to 45 last year. from a low of seven in 2004, the figure has been rising for the past decade. theodora Hawksley, 29, was until recently a post-doctoral researcher in theology at the university of Edinburgh.
Stacey tipler, 33, used her job to steal £642,000 from the royal marsden NHS trust which she spent on designer shopping sprees, mortgage payments and her planned wedding. she and partner Scott chapplin, 34, who was ringleader of the plot, were caught and both jailed last summer. proceeds of crime hearing today ordered her to repay £28,737.
45 per cent of people have lied about their earnings, spending and credit cards. 41 per cent said they were in the dark about their partner's finances. one in five have lied to a partner about what they earn, survey found. main reason for lying was to spare the feelings of a partner who earned less.
Robert Bates, 73, pleaded not guilty to second-degree manslaughter over the death of suspect Eric Harris earlier this month. there have been allegations that he was not properly trained and when confronted by other deputies over his behavior, he told them he could do whatever he wanted. in 2009, the Tulsa sheriff's office concluded that Bates had received special treatment during training and while working as a reserve deputy.
gangs were free to rape, traffic and sexually abuse at least 1,400 children. review was launched in the wake of the damning Jay report. it exposed widespread failures of council, police and social services.
new picture shows the one direction member poised with the suspicious roll-up. it was taken on Wednesday amid 48 hours during which he has been partying. that same day he was photographed returning to his hotel in a disheveled state. it is the latest blow to the boy band just one month after Zayn announced his decision to quit the band.
the meteor shower, visible around the world but best seen from Europe, peaked overnight with between ten and 20 an hour. the cosmic show will continue on into Saturday, so it is still possible to catch a glimpse of some meteors if you didn't last night. Nick Watson, a semi-professional photographer from Newcastle, captured an amazing picture of the meteor over Lindisfarne castle in northumberland.
male teacher made the chilling remark at hawthorne elementary in albuquerque, new mexico, around a week ago. some students were so distressed by what they heard, that they immediately went to the school office to report the teacher. mother margie Brooks, whose son was in the class, said she was horrified by what the teacher told the students.
Candlestick park, which has been home to the san francisco 49ers and the san francisco giants for 55 years, has been torn down. the area is now set to become houses, a hotel and a shopping center. in those 55 years there were some remarkable moments thanks to the one of the greatest to ever play football, the music of the '60s, and a natural disaster.
care staff say they are increasingly being asked to perform tasks previously only carried out by nurses. these include changing catheter and colostomy bags, feeding through a tube and even administering morphine. worrying conclusions come in survey of 1,000 workers by trade union Unison. almost a quarter giving medication such as morphine had received no training.
Janet and John Brennan bought barholm castle in dumfries and galloway for £65,000 in 1997. the couple have spent eight years and hundreds of thousands of pounds transforming it into a luxury home. the castle is thought to have been used by leader of the Scottish Protestant reformation John Knox as a hiding place. the couple insist the project was a 'labour of love' and they have 'no regrets'
photographs show female soldiers and fighter pilots in action among the ranks of armed forces around the world. one image shows fighters from the sawt al-haq (voice of rights) battalion of the free Syrian army standing with their weapons in aleppo. another shows female north Korean soldiers patrolling along the banks of Yalu River, near the town of sinuiju.
lawyers for the family said in a statement Wednesday night that the wrongful death lawsuit would be filed Thursday. brown was unarmed when he was fatally shot by a white police officer, Darren Wilson, in a St. louis suburb in august 2014. the shooting led to sometimes-violent protests and spawned a national 'Black Lives matter' movement calling for changes in how police deal with minorities.
Ilha de mana is a 15-acre outcrop shaped like a tortoise shell. main residence has dining room, fully-fitted kitchen and two living rooms. four smaller chalets each have a bedroom and bathroom (the island has its own water supply) air-conditioned rooms to beat the sweltering heat.
Richard Symonds, 29, is one of the UK's top administrators for the website. he decided to block a user called 'Contribsx' on Tuesday after concluding account was probably operated either by Mr Shapps or under his 'clear direction'
multi-millionaire has given the tories £375,000 since 2008, records show. this includes £50,000 in the first week of the election campaign. revelation will raise fresh questions for David Cameron over his links to millionaire donors.
'the store literally becomes a map of a relationship nightmare,' Ramani durvasula, a clinical psychologist in california, said. a report by civicscience states that 17 per cent of couples confessed that they would argue every time they assembled furniture together.
Ellie laing has hit back at claims she was hired for her beauty over her brains. 'never mind the fact that I work damned hard,' she wrote in an open letter circulated to several news outlets. Jim Carroll, the news director of SBS, was reported to be taking a more 'commercial' approach to the network.
willa junior, a baggage handler at Seattle-tacoma airport, fell asleep while loading a plane at the airport on April 13. he woke up when a piece of luggage landed on his head and then called 911 - but his call cut out after 44 seconds. the plane was forced to turn around and Junior was rescued from the cargo hold. he won't explain how he fell asleep on the plane but says it used to be common practice.
layka, a 4-year-old Belgian malinois, was shot four times at point blank range by an enemy fighter armed with an AK-47. she was on her eighth overseas military tour with us army staff sergeant sgt. julian McDonald in 2012. her comrades rushed her back for emergency surgery during which she had her leg amputated as the cost for saving them. 'i realized i had a responsibility to take care of her, just as
Bruce cook has been warned by police that he could face serious charges if he doesn't take down his 'offensive' hay bale structure. the sculpture depicts the obscene intimacy between a cow and a bull. the 59-year-old owns a stud out at lake charm in northwest of victoria. he put up the artwork on good friday just for 'a bit of fun'
security researchers have found a way to intercept a person's fingerprints. the flaw means that a hacker can access the kernel of the android operating system. once inside they can monitor all data sent to and from the phone. this includes data recorded by built-in sensors, including the fingerprint scanner. when a fingerprint is scanned it is encrypted and separated from the rest of the device in a secure folder. but the flaw allows them to collect scans from the sensor before it is encrypted.
elephant became stuck in the quagmire during the night in southern china. locals came across her lying on her side in a state of desperation. more than 20 villagers and police teamed together to free the wild animal.
one of the samaritans sought by investigators has come forward. he was pictured tending to the wounded as they lay dying on the pitch. photographs released as part of ongoing inquiry into 1989 disaster. investigators believe those pictured may be able to answer questions of families.
jade and Aaron badland assaulted a hotel worker after their wedding. they asked an Asian family if they had ebola and assaulted a Brazilian worker. the couple were too drunk to remember what they had done at the time.
researchers at the university of bath and Yale university created the invention. it uses a newly designed molecular catalyst to split water in an electrolyser. this creates clean and storable hydrogen fuel with oxygen as a by-product. the main problem with the process was the waste oxygen it produces. the breakthrough could be used to store energy from renewable sources.
Patrick revins, 49, sold £10-worth of the drug to the policeman in November 2013. the detective was easily able to identify who sold him the drugs - as Revins has 'P' and 'R' tattooed on either side of his forehead. revins admitted one count of supplying heroin and was sentenced to a year in jail.
supermodel, 22, lives by the ABC rule: no alcohol, bread or processed carbs. only eats certain fruits - blueberries, blackberries, strawberries, kiwis and apples. goes through a 48-hour juice cleanse before every big film scene of photo shoot.
union barons gave more than £700,000 to labour in second week of campaign. overall, labour received £1.1million in donations between April 6 and 12. this is more than twice as much as the conservative party which received £492,512. most of the tory cash came from wealthy individuals, who handed over £460,000.
the body of Anne Jarmain, 86, was found at 7pm on wednesday. she was pulled off the road when she tried to overtake a stalled car. after two days without power and with limited food supplies, she insisted on making a 'quick trip' into town. her family and friend are in shock, with neighbours lamenting that they could not convince the sweet,'strong-willed' woman to stay at home.
David Cameron used a selfie stick for the first time during visit to Cornwall. posed with the telescopic device to take a photograph with pirate FM staff. he told staff other world leaders have selfie sticks, including the pm of finn.
Julie Ronayne was awarded £160,000 after bungled hysterectomy in 2008. husband Edward, who lives with her in netherley, was awarded £9,000 in compensation. he said he suffered psychiatric injury from seeing his wife's new appearance. he described her first two days in hospital as 'the worst days of my life'
'rolling stone has deeply damaged me both personally and professionally,' associate dean of students Nicole P. Eramo wrote in an open letter. 'using me as the personification of a heartless administration, the rolling stone article attacked my life's work,' she wrote. the magazine retracted an article about sexual violence at U.Va. after the Columbia university graduate school of journalism issued a scathing report concluding Rolling stone had failed to meet journalistic standards. the
Fifi maacaron, 36, is a pharmacist and natural skincare expert. her book, natural beauty alchemy, contains over 100 ingredients. ingredients include apple cider vinegar, green tea and coconut oil.
a report cast a new shadow over the charity's fundraising practices while Hillary Clinton served as the united states' chief diplomat. a Reuters investigation that revealed the foundation had misreported millions of dollars in donations from foreign nations led the global charity to refile more than five years of tax documents. the discovery came as separate financial reviews found that previously unreported foreign businesses either donated money directly to the family foundation or paid Bill to speak.
police in red rock, texas, are investigating claims of excessive force. officer ben johnson was caught on camera slamming viviana Keith, 27, to the ground during an arrest on tuesday. the officer claims she was resisting him, so he threw her to the ground. a witness who took the video said he believed it was an excessive use of force. Keith has been charged with DWI with a child younger than 15 and interfering
Tiffany Williams and Jessica versey, both 19, went into remission around the same time. they then took to social media to post images of themselves - including one of miss Williams’s bald head and another of miss Versey’s chest scar. but these were reported for being 'offensive' miss Williams was cleared of hodgkin lymphoma earlier this month.
Stephen Munden, 54, described as having a 'fanatical obsession' with girls. last seen leaving a hospital, near hook, Hampshire, at 6.15pm on tuesday. officers believe he may have shaved off his beard before leaving the hospital. detained under Mental health act after sexually touching three-year-old girl.
asylum seekers are rejected on board naval warships at sea before being returned immediately. prime minister Tony Abbott says the EU must 'urgently' follow his lead. italian prime minister Matteo Renzi said his country was 'at war' with migrant traffickers.
students at goldsmiths were invited to a meeting to discuss 'diversifying the curriculum' but an organiser told white people and men 'not to come' as it was only open to black and minority ethnic women. union eventually backed down after a backlash from students. one said the exclusive policy was 'patronising beyond belief'
'i usually tell a bunch of jokes at these events, but with the patriots in town I was worried that 11 out of 12 of them would fall flat,' the president joked. the super bowl MVP and the team's biggest star - Tom Brady - didn't attend. a spokesman for the team cited 'prior family commitments' as the reason Brady, 37, didn't attend.
pictures show two models hugging and kissing 650kg bear, named Stephen. campaigners wanted to highlight importance of living'side-by-side' with bears. but in one picture, a model was seen wearing a fur coat as she hugged bear. photographer wanted to show 'natural harmony' between humans and bears.
the $45.2billion deal would have merged the no. 1 and no. 2 u.s. cable companies and created a mega-size tv and internet provider. the new company would have spun off or sold 3.9million customers. the move comes after the fcc decided that merger wasn't in the public interest and threw up a regulatory roadblock. an announcement from the telecoms giant could come as early as tomorrow.
private jet travel is a growing trend, with 2.5 million flights recorded in the us in 2013 and 705,000 in Europe. the busiest weekends occur during sporting events, with the super bowl and the Monaco grand prix the priciest times to fly. landing fees at airports can vary dramatically, with some surprising hubs charging thousands every time.
oophorectomy reduces risk of dying from breast cancer by 60 per cent. women who carry mutated version of BRCA1 or another gene known as BRCA2 face a life-time risk of breast cancer of up to 70 per cent.
Christian tyrrell, 22, was arrested Wednesday on capital murder charges in connection to the march 19 death of 2-year-old Adrian langlais. langlais was the son of his girlfriend, Jessica, who started dating tyrrell when she was six-months pregnant with Adrian. winkler and langlais considered themselves Adrian's grandparents, even though they weren't blood related to the boy. the couple say they started noticing bruises on Adrian last fall, when Langlais started dating tyrrell
elephant seal pup came out of the water to give a cuddle to a tourist. the baby seal is thought to have been no more than two months old. but at 200lbs, tourist Charlene Fritz struggled to sit upright.
Facebook has launched a new app called hello designed to give you more control over who can call you and how their details appear. it pulls in any publicly-shared data from a user's facebook profile. when a user receives a call, hello shows them info about who’s calling, even if they don’t have that number saved in your contacts book. users will only see info that people have already shared on facebook. the free app is currently in testing and is only available on android devices in
a Russian scientist says the distant ancestor of humans had tentacles. they lived 635 to 541 million years ago and used them for food. it's likely they also had a complex nervous system like we do today. this puts to bed another theory that our ancestors were simple worms.
the four-bedroom 19th century sandstone property cost dinnigan $4.45 million back in 2009. the two-storey terrace home was built in 1880, and is set on 379 square metres of prime paddington real estate. the international designer and her husband carefully renovated the property to be'very sympathetic and in keeping with the period style'.
new book claims former king Juan-carlos had a decade-long affair with a german socialite during the final decade of his reign. royal couple presented the Cervantes prize for literature today.
the Grade i listed mansion in one of britain's most exclusive postcodes is on the market for £6.95million. it boasts a view of the river avon, backing onto the meadow where constable took studies for his 1831 painting of the cathedral. built around 1720, it was named after Isaac Walton, son of the writer who wrote the compleat angler.
London mayor pressed on leadership ambitions by sky news anchor Kay burley. finally conceded: 'it would be wonderful to be thought to be in position to be considered for such an honour' but he insisted he thinks it is 'highly unlikely'
dubbed Nexus for exoplanet system science (nexss), the team will include scientists from 10 universities. they hope to understand how an alien planet's biology interacts with the atmosphere, geology, oceans, and interior of a planet. by applying a'system science' approach, the team hopes to understand an alien planet's biology interacts with the atmosphere, geology, oceans, and interior of a planet. 'i believe we are going to have strong indication
woman was taking pictures of her children with her new iphone 6 plus. elderly man accidentally bumped into her shoulder and phone fell on the ground. he promised to pay her back but did not have the money to do so. witness filmed the exchange and it has since gone viral on social media.
Bethune-cookman university student Damian parks, 22, was reported missing after going swimming with friends at 3am on sunday. students who were with him said strong currents pulled him out to sea and his body was later found on Monday morning. parks and the men he was swimming with were part of a step team called melodic stepping experience, which formed last year. a university spokeswoman said that the university administration had 'heard rumors' about hazing and that Vol
Cleveland's once-iconic Variety theater was closed down in 1986 after the ceiling cracked during a motorhead gig. the 20,000 sq ft main stage hosted the likes of Metallica, the dead Kennedy's and R.E.M.
len McCluskey boasts that trade unions 'own' the labour party and its policies. boast comes just 24 hours after alex salmond bragged about writing labour's budget. former scottish first minister is running as an sNP candidate.
select prime customers will soon be given the option to have their goods delivered to the boot, or trunk, of their car without needing to be near the vehicle. the delivery driver is then given temporary keyless access to the car to drop off the items at any time of the day. the pilot scheme is launching in Munich next month and amazon has teamed up with Audi and DHL to run the initiative.
the 65-year-old former decathlete greets the journalist at his home in the 30-second clip. he tells the journalist: 'it's going to be an emotional rollercoaster, but somehow I'm gonna get through it' the snippet then includes footage of his older children; burt, 36 and casey, 34, along with Brandon, 33, and brody, 31, from his marriage to Linda Thompson.
Nicola sturgeon has hit out at people questioning why she doesn't have children. said she would never be asked if she was a man and was not'moaning' said predecessor alex salmond did not have to field questions on why he has not started a family. made remarks in latest of five programmes profiling main party leaders.
of the 3,700 women who served at nazi death camps, just three were investigated by prosecutors in germany for their roles as accomplices to mass murder.'merciless' women traded femininity, motherhood and marriage to wed themselves to the dark side of Hitler's third Reich. they were all deemed too ill or infirm to ever be punished.
campaigning group getup launched the gender price gap website last week. members and everyday consumers have identified nine separate products that have identical female versions which cost more. this is despite the products being identical in almost every way except whether they are targeted towards women or men.
Ravi beefnah parked his £35,000 car outside the dealership in chelmsford. the 34-year-old says he parked it there as a warning to other buyers. he claims that Audi have failed to resolve his long-running complaint. one of the warnings states: 'this car uses 1 litre every 250 miles = every petrol fill up'
the institute for fiscal studies analysed party manifestos ahead of election. found voters are still 'in the dark' about how they will tackle nation's debts. tories accused of giving 'no detail' about their deficit reduction plan. labour has left the door open to borrowing an extra £26billion-a-year.
Stefania la Greca is running for local elections in southern italy in may. the 36-year-old has posted dozens of pictures of herself in skimpy bikinis. but the stunning political candidate has denied using her looks to get votes. she said: 'we must go beyond appearance. the bikini?'
Omar hussain, 27, from high wycombe, regularly posts on social media. last month he complained about peeling potatoes and his troubles with washing clothes. in latest video he accuses a fellow 'brother' of running away from frontline. 'the irony is that the brother went online the next day and praised how dawlah [islamic state] managed to defend an onslaught by the enemy'
Andrew wood, 41, from the uk, was arrested at the hard rock hotel in florida. a guest reportedly told a security guard there was a very intoxicated man. when the guard tried to stop him, wood became belligerent and shouted. he was arrested on disorderly conduct charges and placed in jail.
Nicole mayhew had gone to work leaving husband working on his car. but while she was gone, the heavy vehicle fell off its jack - crushing his chest. he spent an hour and a half yelling for help and praying for his wife to come home. while she was gone, she got a strange feeling she needed to see her husband. she rushed home to find him trapped under the car in their home in utah.
Karlis bardelis, 30, from Latvia, was attempting to scale the cliff in Coire an lochain, Scotland, when the accident happened. footage from a camera mounted to his helmet shows the very second that his climbing axe came loose. he continues to fall for three-and-a-half seconds until he's eventually saved by his safety rope.
foreskin facials cost $150 (£100) and use stem cell from an infant's foreskin. key ingredient is the somewhat bizarre stem cell from an infant's foreskin. the 30-minute treatment involves a salicylic-and-glycolic-acid peel and extraction.
Ali Maffucci, 28, lost 11 kg (almost two stone) in three months. she swapped pasta, bread and rice for spiralized vegetables. now, she weighs 10 stone, is a size 8/10 and is working on toning.
the wife of paedophile and former Bega cheese CEO has had her letterbox fire-bombed and received several threatening calls, a court has heard. the father of one of van Ryn's victims has also been seen in her backyard, lawyer Francois Salama told the court on Thursday. van Ryn pleaded guilty last year to abusing 10 boys and girls, aged eight to 16, over the previous decade. he is due to be sentenced at a later date.
the 29-year-old is a Managing Editor at who what wear, a fashion website based in los angeles. in a new article published on her website, she reveals that she has been 'pretty much every size you can imagine'
travel photographer Rhiannon Taylor, 29, from australia has turned her social media success into a growing business. the avid Instagrammer has more than 12,000 followers and has travelled the world to document great hotels. hotels pay her to stay and review, they also buy her professional pictures as well.
the 28-year-old girls star has penned an essay for seventeen magazine titled ‘Why I'm on Team Weirdo For Life’. she recounted the regrettable moment when she yielded to the pressure to be a'regular' girl by altering her appearance.
John Moore's poignant photographs of the outbreak in liberia were praised by the judges for compassionately illustrating. the images were named the best from a group of first place winners in categories that included architecture, arts and culture, conceptual, contemporary and landscapes.
James creag, 11, suffers from the rare condition Erythropoietic protoporphyria. it means his skin cannot be exposed to direct sunlight. he was given a special brown suncream which blocks out the light. but when strangers shouted abuse he refused to wear it any more. his mother Claire, 34, said: 'it was either ignorance or evilness'
dietitians have singled out a 'happy tummy brew' in the paleo cookbook. it contains almost five times the maximum vitamin A dose for a baby. the original recipe contained more than 10 times the maximum daily intake of vitamin A for babies. the dieticians association of australia said the reworked formula still presents a threat to babies.
models are being asked to wear Spanx underwear stuffed with sandbags so they can clock in at a 'healthy' weight on the scales. agencies can face fines of up to $80,000 and six months in prison for employing too-thin models.
exclusive poll by ComRes for the daily mail and ITV news shows that the conservatives have moved ahead in the last fortnight. labour is on 32%, the lib dems on 10% and the lib dems on 8%, with the greens on 5%. one in five of those who say they are likely to vote still not sure which party they will back.
archaeologists have discovered evidence that Neanderthals regularly inhabited the cave of llenes, near senterada in catalonia, around 200,000 years ago. the remains of other canivores including cave bears, hyenas, leopards, wolves and badgers have been found in the cave. while some of the bones may have been brought there by the Neanderthals themselves, it seems they were also sharing the cave with these other predators.
Thibaudjean leonvallet, 24, and his cousin. Jean Mickael batrikian, 18, pleaded guilty to animal cruelty. the pair lit a quokka on fire with an aerosol can and a lighter on rottnest island on april 3. they were ordered to pay $4000 and were told that they would be held behind bars for seven days if they failed to pay the fines. the pair opted to serve the seven days in prison rather than
officers were seen running around armed with lassos as they attempted to catch the stray shetland foal. the incident took place around 10am on Tuesday along Interstate 35W in Fort worth.
out of 17 bingo halls tested seven showed traces of cocaine in toilets. another had traces of crack cocaine, a more dangerous form of the drug. discovery mirrors a spike in elderly being treated for drug abuse. 634 pensioners over 65 treated for substance abuse in the last year.
Janet street-porter reveals her list of the things that are making her unhappy. from saggy chins to weather dollies, here's her list of pet hates.
Adele has doubled the wealth of her nearest rivals, the four remaining members of one direction and their former compatriot Zayn malik, who are worth £25million each. singer has ruled out going into acting or making perfumes.
former cia director sentenced to two years probation and fined $100,000. pleaded guilty to misdemeanor charge of unauthorized removal and retention of classified material. his career was destroyed when affair with Paula broadwell emerged.
66-year-old clarence David Moore escaped from police custody three times during the 1970s and eventually settled into a quiet life, living in Kentucky since at least 2009. his health is poor from a stroke late last year and he has difficulty speaking. when Franklin county sheriff pat melton showed up at Moore's house to make the 'arrest,' he was in a hospital bed. he broke down in tears. 'he looks like he's almost 90,' the
shocking images taken in ISIS-held territory in the province of homs. show two accused men being savagely executed by up to four jihadis. killers hugged blindfolded couple and told them they were forgiven. then pummeled them to death with hundreds of fist-sized rocks.
Chris Christie appeared on the tonight show and called out host Jimmy fallon for his weight jokes about the governor. fallon told the governor he 'looked great,' and asked him; 'if I look great, what the hell's with all the jokes every night?' then, to make amends, fallon brought out his favorite food - ice cream. the ice cream, The tonight dough, was named after the show by ben & jerry's.
the grand adventure promises to deliver up and close moments with some of the world's most elusive and enchanting wildlife. guests will be guided across the globe on a carefully planned itinerary, taking them through africa,asia and the Indian subcontinent. the ultimate bear safari tracks polar bears, grizzly bears and spirit bears in Arctic canada, the Arctic circle, Alaska and British Columbia.
bright yellow gatso had previously enforced 30mph speed limit. but it has not been working for two years after every single fixed device was switched off in the west Midlands. mystery surrounds who had re-pointed the camera.
the 14-year-old boy from blackburn, lancashire, was arrested last weekend. he is thought to be the youngest person charged with terror offences in the uk. he is said to have incited an australian teenager, sevdet besim, to behead, run over or shoot a police officer in a 'lee rigby style' massacre.
at 47 stone (660lb) Bettie Jo was housebound and unable to care for herself. her husband Josh had to help her go to the toilet and into the shower. he feared if she became slimmer, she wouldn't need him anymore. she now weighs 35st 8lbs (500lbs) thanks to surgery.
one in seven u.s. residents will be an immigrant by 2023, report says. that number could rise to one in five by 2060, when immigrant population reaches 78 million. without no change to immigration policy, immigrant population will reach 14.8 per cent. this is the highest ever recorded in american history.
celebrity chef curtis stone lives in los angeles with his actress wife and their two boys, Hudson, aged three and seven-month-old Emerson. the 39-year-old is back in australia to promote his new cookbook, good food, good life.
scientists in the Netherlands were using the lofar radio telescope. they found it could measure changes in lightning caused by cosmic rays. a storm can have hundreds of millions of volts over multiple kilometres. the method could provide a novel way to understand thunderclouds. it's hoped the results could help scientists understand storms.
former sheriff's deputy andrew steele, 40, pleaded not guilty by reason of mental disease to two counts of first-degree intentional homicide in the shooting deaths of his wife, 39-year-old Ashlee steele, and her sister, 38-year-old Kacee tollefsbol. defense attorneys argued that the disease damaged steele's brain, making him not criminally responsible for the deaths. a jury deliberated for about 10 hours until all but two of
prosecco sales have overtaken champagne for the first time in the uk. last year sales were £181.8 million compared with £141.3 million. prosecco may have found its way over here 30-odd years ago. it was barely known beyond well-travelled wine lovers.
nurse raped two patients while they were under general anaesthetic. he assaulted others at the hospital where he worked between 2011 and 2013. in 2009 a student nurse reported him for taking inappropriate photographs. but the hospital didn't report it to police as there was not enough evidence. bosses only mentioned it after being told of more serious allegations.
researchers at the university of huddersfield have created a technique which they claim can distinguish between the genetic fingerprints of identical twins. Identical twins share 100 per cent of their genes, meaning it has been impossible to tell which sibling a sample comes from. breakthrough may eradicate a stumbling block which has often meant it was impossible to tell which of the pair was guilty of a crime.
chilling words follow arrest of 24-year-old student sid Ahmed ghlam. he was allegedly preparing to storm churches with an armoury of weapons. he was caught on sunday after accidently shooting himself in the leg. he was said to be on his way to a number of churches ready to kill as many people as he could, ready to kill as many people as he could.
volcano last erupted in 1972, but was not under any special observation before today's eruption. an estimated 1,500 residents from the nearby town of Ensenada were forced to flee their homes. the eruption sparked a red alert in the port city of Puerto montt, with local authorities setting up a 12.5-mile exclusion zone.
the panellist aired her views on the show in a discussion about overweight teenagers. she said that 'unhealthy lifestyles' should not be 'facilitated'. now the plus-size industry has spoken out in support of obese women.
Carl Bradey rescued a three-year-old girl from a raging house fire last month. the 25-year-old smashed through a window to rescue the child. he suffered nerve damage that has left him unable to feel anything in his arm. it took fire fighters 30 minutes to extinguish the blaze.
charities under- or over-reported donations from foreign governments. omitted to break out government donations entirely when reporting revenue. will be refiling multiple annual tax returns and may audit returns extending as far back as 15 years. republican presidential candidate Ted Cruz called on the foundation to return all of the money it received from foreign governments.
Henry Rayhons, 78, was accused of having sex with his wife at her nursing home. despite being told she no longer had capacity to decide for herself. jurors acquitted the lawmaker following a trial in Hancock county. had he been found guilty he could have faced up to ten years in prison.
this year's Proms will include a late-night concert hosted by DJ Pete tong. he will pay 'homage to Ibiza and its infectious, energetic brand of club music' it will take place on the 29th anniversary of radio 1's Ibiza broadcasts.
the study identified 17 areas in the central and eastern us with increased rates of induced seismicity. since 2000, several of these areas have experienced high levels of seismicity. the spike in seismic activity was largely down to the oil and gas industry injecting wastewater deep underground, which can activate dormant faults.
director of public prosecutions said she was 'not afraid' of a legal challenge. she is convinced peer is not fit to plead because of his dementia.'making the right decision is not a resigning issue,' she said.
a debt repayment deadline looms on may 1. the country faces the prospect of having to snub its own employees to make a €200m payment to the imf.
Jake malone, 60, met 'RiLi' on a social website 11 months ago. she contacted him after becoming divorced and he decided to pay her a visit. but when he turned up at her company's address, it had been closed. he now wanders the streets of shenzhen with a sign bearing her picture.
mother of accused killer is helping police with the murder case against her son. anika Stanford arrived at the police station on thursday morning. she was taken back to the home she shares with her son, Vincent, and brother, Luke. ms Stanford is believed to have given police information which led them to a road in the cocoparra national park where they discovered Ms Scott's burnt remains. the beloved teacher was buried in an emotional funeral on wednesday.
beer will be made from sewage gathered by sewage treatment firm. it will be treated to'very high standards' according to 50-page report. but scheme is proving to be highly unpopular with state residents.
fiona 'kitty' Carroll was last seen at the Kemah boardwalk marina in kemah, texas, on her fifth birthday on wednesday. her father checked on her 'after a brief moment' but when he checked on her, she was gone. her bucket was found in the water near the marina but there was no sign of her. authorities launched a seven-hour search operation on wednesday evening but found no trace of the girl.
virtual studio design crowd asked people to submit before and after images of some of the most recognisable cities in the world. nearly 100 submissions have been created, with a number of them focusing on the Eiffel tower in paris. other missing features include the arc de triomphe, the statue of liberty and the tower of britain.
Darren Jones was seen stepping away from his podium just seconds before the programme was due to go on air. the 28-year-old started swaying on his feet in front of worried audience members before collapsing in front of presenter Ellie Pitt. the channel was forced to cut to commercials as the 28-year-old recovered on the studio floor.
Ivan balashov was browsing through smartphones in a shop in russia. he took a picture of himself wearing a bobble hat and a fake reebok top. but after deciding camera was not good enough he grabbed another handset. when police arrived they quickly discovered Balashov’s selfie.
Kevin Rebbie, 56, of Limerick Township, faces several charges, including aggravated indecent assault, unlawful contact with a minor, sexual abuse of children and invasion of privacy. a 15-year-old girl found a hidden camera under the sink in her bathroom in march. she told investigators that Rebbie had been watching her for years when she was undressing and when he believed she was asleep.
Deborah kane, 46, had her right eye removed three years ago in a life-saving nine-hour operation to stop the cancer spreading to her brain. mother-of-two believes her cancer developed from getting badly burned on holiday in Lanzarote when she was 15 - where she also bought cheap sunglasses without proper UV protection. to celebrate her recovery, Debbie held an aptly named ‘Eye ball’ and named each table after a part of the eye.
Jeremy Clarkson, james may and richard hammond seen together for first time since he was sacked from top gear. they held talks with executive producer Andy. mr wilman, a childhood friend of mr clarkson, is now free to reunite with the team on a rival channel. there is widespread speculation that the men are working on a new motoring series to be aired by Netflix, amazon or another broadcaster. mr
the auction will showcase 351 historically significant and antique jewels spanning from the 18th to the 20th centuries. the most important piece is the Maria Christina Royal Devant-de-­Corsage brooch, which was presented as a wedding gift from king alfonso xii of spain.
Koby hodder's heart stopped for a staggering 12 minutes after he collapsed. he was playing British bulldog - a game in which children run from one side of a playing field to another without being caught by one of the ‘bulldogs’. in the middle of playing the game, he suffered a cardiac arrest. this is where the electrical activity of the heart becomes so chaotic that it stops pumping and quivers or 'fibrillates'
caller said'someone' had been knocked down by a car in Epping forest. but the 'victim' turned out to be a squirrel that had been run over. another said he had dropped his burger and it was 'bleeding' east of england ambulance service revealed 1,248 inappropriate call outs. crew attended half of them, potentially putting lives at risk.
Lyvette crespo, 43, pleaded not guilty to voluntary manslaughter and could face up to 21 years in prison if convicted. she shot her husband, bell gardens, california, mayor Daniel crespo three times in the chest on september 30. the widow claims her husband had become increasingly abusive in the months leading up to his death. however, the late mayor's brother says those claims are all lies and that he has evidence proving she killed her husband in cold blood
alejandrobouvier of Uruguay filmed the moment another rider got scarily close to his watercraft one sunny day. 'Look out, look out!' a man behind the camera can be heard screaming. luckily the two jet skiers avoid a dangerous collision thanks to some swift steering skills.
mohammad ali jawad, 56, allegedly molested another patient at his surgery. he allegedly dimmed the lights, shut the blinds and asked her to dance. he is said to have asked her: 'do you see me as a man or a surgeon?' a medical tribunal heard how he allegedly molested another patient.
the celebrity doctor didn't pull any punches in Thursday's episode of the syndicated tv show which was called the truth about his critics. 'the 10 doctors who attacked me got what they wanted – sensational headlines and sound bites,' said the 54-year-old. the doctors accused him of being a 'charlatan' who promotes 'quack treatments' and as someone who 'has repeatedly shown disdain for science and for evidence-based
all the land in the lower 48 states was worth a combined $23trillion in 2009, according to a new study. researchers estimated that land in the country, minus all the buildings, roads and trees on top of it, achieved its peak value of $26.2 trillion in 2006. Washington DC had the greatest land value, with a staggering $1,050,000 per acre. land in large urban areas was the most valuable, with cities of more than 1million people worth $64,844 per acre.
in 1677, at the age of 41, he embarked on an extraordinarily gruesome experiment. he took three lice, nestled them among the hairs of his calf, rolled up a tight stocking so that the insects were bound to his leg. on the seventh day, he removed the stocking and counted more than 80 eggs but no young lice.
the first black woman to become the top u.s. law enforcement official,. Lynch, 55, was approved by a 56-43 vote. ten. Republicans voted for Lynch, including. Senate majority leader mitch McConnell and expected presidential candidate. Lindsey Graham, the senior senator from south. california, did not vote in her favor. texas senator Ted Cruz - a key opponent of. Lynch's nomination - was
'the cardinal's faith was simple, direct, without pretense or embarrassment,' said Seattle archbishop J. Peter Sartain. George, a Chicago native, died Friday at age 78, of kidney cancer. he was to be buried Thursday in his family's plot at all saints cemetery in nearby des plaines.
mysterious signs were spotted in the village of milford, near godalming. they have sparked speculation as to the identity of the author.
the classic ANZAC biscuit recipe features rolled oats, desiccated coconut, and golden syrup as the primary ingredients. but with so many different food tribes competing for prominence these days, how do these recipes stack up?
russe 'rusty' yates has since remarried and has a five-year-old son. slammed his ex-wife's murder trial, saying it was 'cruelest thing he'd ever witnessed' mother from clear lake, texas, systematically drowned her five children. she was convicted of capital murder in 2002 and sentenced to life in prison. but an appeals court granted her a retrial and in 2006
English, Welsh and northern Irish MPs will be able to set a separate rate of income tax to that in Scotland. new system will be in place in time for the first budget of the new parliament in march 2016. the plan is likely to trigger a row with labour, which opposes the idea of an english veto.
a dozen native american extras and the cultural adviser walked off the set of the new Adam sandler film on wednesday. the extras were offended by the script's jokes about their race and culture. 'we were supposed to be Apache, but it was really stereotypical and we did not look Apache at all. we looked more like comanche,' said Navajo nation tribal member Loren Anthony.
Brock Guzman, 8, was taken from his home in fairfield, california on monday morning as he slept in the family car while it was stolen from their driveway. his parents, Paul and Suzanne, reported the incident to police, who threw their wife Suzanne to the ground handcuffed. this after Suzanne refused to let the officers into their home, something Paul claims she was doing for their own safety. he has now hired an attorney, but former FBI agent Rick Smith seems to think they
John hinckley Jr. has been dating a woman he met at a national association for the mentally ill meeting. this was revealed by his brother during a hearing to determine if he should be able to permanently live outside of St. Elizabeth's hospital in washington. Hinckley shot president Reagan and three others in a bid to impress actress Jodie foster, with whom he was obsessed.
bombshell allegation is that the former king was romancing corinna zu sayn-wittgenstein. the affair is said to have ended in 2014 when he abdicated in favour of his son. final de parteda – or end game – by author, Ana Romero, sold out within 24 hours.
a family-sized trampoline believed to have blown into the sky in the cyclone-strength gusts in NSW was actually a victim of hurricane Sandy. a hoax video showing a wave rider surfing in front of Sydney’s opera house was trending not once but twice. a waterfall gushing over the harbour bridge while two people watched on was just one Photoshop photo. a crocodile at the bottom of the steps in Lewisham station was merely an
first class constable Daniel Jamieson is accused of leaking confidential information about the arrest of fallen AFL star Ben Cousins to his girlfriend monique Dirksz. police became suspicious when Ms Dirksz and her cameraman were the only people outside freemantle police station at 2am on march 12. the 29-year-old has been charged with four counts of disclosing official secrets.
former minister and Muammar Gaddafi's cousin blames western countries. says the 'overwhelming chaos' in Libya 'will haunt the countries that had participated in the destruction of the Libyan armed forces in 2011' about 800 people are believed to have died when a fishing boat carrying migrants overturned off the coast of lampedusa on sunday.
NBC journalist Jeff Rossen filmed an airport worker at laguardia airport in new york doing push-ups on the runway after loading a plane. the video - filmed April 19 - quickly garnered dozens of 'Likes' on facebook, with one commenter musing: 'heavy bags need big muscles'
911 was crushed by builder's lorry as they both pulled into a side street. both vehicles had been caught in traffic after a cyclist was injured nearby. one onlooker said: 'the bloke looked absolutely distraught. it was obviously his pride and joy'
David billing, 48, went to his gp after being unable to swallow in 2013. specialists discovered an ulcer on the right-hand side of his tongue. biopsy confirmed it was cancer and he was referred to royal derby hospital. surgeons sawed through his jawbone to get to the tumour. they then removed part of his tongue and made a new one out of skin. the new tongue still has hairs and he has to return every few weeks.
previously unseen letters show poet was a slightly caddish womaniser. lovers complained about his refusal to take their relationships seriously. letters are part of the John Schroder collection, which has spent decades in private hands.
mark west, 32, was sentenced to four months in jail followed by eight years probation for having sex with a student in 2012. he had sex with the girl in his office at spring high school in spring, texas. he had previously said the girl instigated the moment, seducing him by saying she was 'feeling horny' despite the light sentence, the judge was scathing in handing down her punishment.
former SS sergeant said it was 'unimaginable' to him that Jews would leave the camp alive. 93-year-old's answer came in response to a question from attorneys representing survivors who have joined the trial as co-plaintiffs. he is being tried on 300,000 counts of accessory to murder.
41 million tonnes of 'e-waste' worth over £34billion were discarded globally in 2014. only 6 million tonnes of that was recycled properly, according to UNU report. broken televisions, computers and refrigerators are illegally exported to africa. they are dumped in landfills like Agbogbloshie in Ghana's capital Accra. mountains of 'e-waste' pollute local water and harm scavengers' livelihoods.
Bruce Davis, 72, was convicted in the 1969 slayings of musician Gary Hinman and stuntman Donald'shorty' shea. he was sentenced to life in prison in 1972. the parole board cited his accomplishments, along with his age and good behavior, as reasons to grant him parole in march last year. but a judge ruled that there is'some evidence' he is dangerous and shouldn't be freed.
Chris early, who owns a production company in tennessee, bought a quadcopter to make commercials but he decided he could use it for personal surveillance too. the clip shows his daughter, Katie, walking down a road near her home, sticking close to the grassy verge in a bid to avoid cars.
German banking giant will pay $2.5 billion in fines for its role in a vast multi-year conspiracy to rig LIBOR interest rates. the case centers on charges that Deutsche bank derivatives traders manipulated the London InterBank Offered Rate. employees defrauded counterparties in emails, telephone calls and electronic chats.
celebrities have taken a quicker turn for the worst than their contemporaries. from child actors that swiftly deteriorated in the lime light to golden Hollywood stars that have greyed with time.
the 69-year-old was convicted of indecently assaulting a woman. he was sentenced to three months' imprisonment, suspended for two years. at a costs application hearing, he was told he would be awarded travel and hotel fees for his time on trial.
real-life tomb raiders rented restaurant across the road from the temple. they dug a seven-metre-deep tunnel that led to a 50m-long underground passage. gang was just 20 metres away from breaching the temple's famous Hua pagoda.
ruben Blundell's brother was four days overdue when his mother went into labour. left with no time to get to hospital, family had to deliver baby at home. six-year-old helped by fetching towels and telling his mother to breathe.
Brittney griner and fiancee and fellow WNBA player Glory Johnson, both 24, were arrested on suspicion of assault and disorderly conduct on Wednesday afternoon. a fight at the couple's home in a Phoenix suburb turned physical, according to a police report. they were taken into custody around 5pm on Wednesday but neither wished to press charges. griner led the league with a record 129 blocks and was the WNBA Defensive Player of the year.
Joancheever founded the non-profit organization the chow train in 2005. she prepares meals in her commercially licensed mobile kitchen, but her personal pickup truck is not. on April 7, she was approached by four police officers on bicycles. after writing out the citation, the officers gave her the green light to continue distributing meals.
schoolgirl took a sip from her water bottle and noticed a strange taste and smell. her teacher abandoned the lesson while she was assessed and treated. tests reportedly showed the water bottle was contaminated with hydrochloric acid. two pupils have been suspended from the school in Southampton, hampshire.
Michelle Carter, 18, was charged with involuntary manslaughter in the death of her friend, 18-year-old conrad Roy III, last summer. she appeared in court in new Bedford, massachusetts, on Thursday accused of encouraging the death of Roy. her lawyers are trying to have the case moved out of Bristol county, saying it's 'impossible' for her to receive a fair trial in the area. the district attorney is the victim's third cousin.
company gave away golden tickets to the first 100 people through the door. more than 200 people were found queueing outside the store overnight. former Derby county player Craig Ramage cut the ribbon at the event. store will create 29 jobs – 12 full-time and 17 part-time – and will have a car park.
republican rep. Trey gowdy said he wants Clinton to testify the week of may 18 and again before June 18. the first hearing would focus on Clinton's use of private emails, and the second on the September 2012 attacks that killed four Americans, including the u.s. ambassador to Libya. 'with her cooperation and that of the state department and (obama) administration, secretary Clinton could be done with the Benghazi committee before the fourth of July,' gowdy said
Doug Hughes, 61, is 'lucky to be alive' and'should have been blown out of the air,' rep. Jason chaffetz, R-utah, said. security tracked Hughes as he approached the Capitol last week after taking off from gettysburg, pennsylvania. a 'judgment call' was made not to shoot Hughes down, chaffetz said. officials were concerned about injuring people on the ground if
Jules bianchi sustained a severe head injury when he crashed into a recovery vehicle at the Japanese grand prix. the 25-year-old remains in a coma but is 'fighting fiercely' says his father, Philippe. bianchi's condition is stable and he is 'running a marathon'
Kate temple was called a 'homewrecker' by victim shelley Williams. she accused her of having an affair with her partner. the 33-year-old carried out the attack before attempting to buy another drink.
arturo Vidal scored from the penalty spot to give juve the lead in the second half of their champions league quarter-final first leg tie. former chelsea midfielder Ricardo carvalho gave away a penalty in the 57th minute. referee Pavel kralovec pointed to the spot after initial contact was outside the area.
Steve cotterill has taken Bristol city to the brink of a championship return. the club are on the brink of a return after two seasons in league one. cotterill is aware that they'd be nowhere near a win away from promotion.
college juniors Emily Clark, 20, of powder springs, Morgan bass, 20, of leesburg, abbie deloach, 21, of Savannah, Catherine pitman, 21, of alpharetta and caitlyn baggett, 21, of millen, perished early Wednesday morning. fellow students Brittney. Mcdaniel, of Reidsville, and megan. Richards, of Loganville, survived the crash but were hospitalized with injuries. the driver of the tractor-trailer that
Jay dasilva, ruben loftus-cheek and cole and rio ferdinand are all youngsters. dasilva is the eldest of the three and is earmarked for first-team potential. jose mourinho has promoted one of the youngsters next season.
Emmanuel adebayor travelled to training in a Rolls Royce Phantom drophead coupe. some members of the ground staff thought the club's principal owner Joe Lewis had arrived for an impromptu visit to the training ground. the 31-year-old forward went on to train as normal with the first team, while his driver waited in the Rolls before returning the forward to his London home. since his last start in the barclays premier league for Tottenham on November 2, he has pockete
former new england patriots tight end Aaron Hernandez, 25, was convicted of killing 27-year-old Odin Lloyd in 2013. he was sentenced to life in prison. a state prisons official says he was moved on Wednesday to the maximum-security souza-baranowski correctional center in Shirley, massachusetts.
downey jnr left mid-way through an interview with channel 4 in london. he was asked about his history of drug abuse and time in prison. downey said: 'i could pick that apart for two hours and be no closer to the truth than giving you some half-arsed answer right now'
the lawsuit is seeking $75,000 in compensation, as well as unspecified punitive damages. it also calls for a court order prohibiting the use of police techniques 'that demean, disregard, or underserve its African-American population' the civil suit claims brown had his hands up in surrender when he was killed, a claim strongly disputed during the previous investigation.
Lee tomlin opened the scoring for middlesbrough in the 50th minute. the winger doubled the lead in the 66th minute with a fine solo effort. ayala's bicycle kick went straight into the hands of goalkeeper emmanuel ayala. ayala's header was cleared off the line before tomlin's follow-up shot was blocked.
rickety rubber dinghy carrying around 100 african refugees began to sink. a Nigerian Christian passenger began praying for his life in an innocent act. one of the Muslims on board ordered him to stop, saying: 'we only pray to Allah' when he refused, a violent fight ensued and 12 Christians drowned. tragedy comes amid reports 10,000 refugees have been rescued by italian ships.
Scott Turner Schofield will become the first transgender man to have a recurring role on a daytime soap opera. he will be playing a mentor of sorts to the character of maya avant, played by Karla Mosley. Avant is struggling with her gender identity in her current storyline on the show.
former real madrid defender Roberto Carlos has picked his dream team. the brilliant Brazilian won the competition three times in five seasons. here, he recalls the great names he played alongside and against.
mark warburton is a leading contender to take over at craven cottage. owner shhid Khan is planning to release a budget of £20million. the championship strugglers are deliberating over the future of kit symons.
Yannick Bolasie scored a hat-trick in crystal palace's 4-1 win over sunderland. referee Anthony Taylor sprinted past Sunderland midfielder Lee cattermole. gary cahill has won back his starting spot alongside John Terry. arsene wenger's decision to axe goalkeeper wojciech szczesny has proved pivotal point of arsenal's season.
Portsmouth have sacked manager Andy awford following defeat by morecambe. the league two club parted company with him at a meeting this morning. assistant manager Gary waddock will take caretaker charge of the team.
Chelsea midfielder Eden Hazard has scored 18 goals in all competitions this season. the 24-year-old helped the blues win the capital one cup. he was rewarded with the top individual award of the night at the Grosvenor.
lionel messi scored his 400th goal for barcelona in a 2-0 win over valencia. the argentine has scored 309 league goals and 75 in the champions league. he has also scored 32 in the copa del rey and 32 in the world cup.
bader was shot down over france in 1941 and ended up in a german prison camp. he was involved in a mass break-out that predated the break in 1944. his story is to be told in a Hollywood film dubbed ‘The First Great Escape’.
radamel falcao has yet to score against the top level premier league teams. he has been schooled here, denied space and room to breathe by the constant, intimidating presence of blues captain John Terry. falcao lost almost every key battle at stamford bridge.
Chelsea are nine points clear at the top of the table with six games to play. a letter from Fulham council outlines their plan for a victory parade. the parade would start around 12pm and finish around 1pm. the route is outlined on a map included with the letter.
Leoniegranger, 25, lured playboy to his death in honey trap at casino. she used her good looks to befriend the poker player, court heard. but after going back to his flat with him one night she made excuses. she left the door unlocked so her boyfriend and an accomplice could get inside. they tied up father of three and kicked him to death as they ransacked his home to find his hidden winnings. judge today described the attack as 'pitiless and wicked'
war veteran Robert Clark has been told he will have to move into a care home. his son said the move was like asking his father to go back into a 'prisoner of war camp' Brent council said it was no longer able to afford to pay for a live-in carer. a donations page set up by forces charity help for heroes has raised £10,000.
Juan cuadrado arrived at stamford bridge for £23m from fiorentina. the Colombian winger has failed to impress in three months at chelsea. £28m striker Wilfried bony has scored just one goal for manchester city.
a new documentary is about to blow the lid on the illegal organ trade. it is allegedly worth a staggering US$1 billion a year in china. 10,000 organs are transplanted in china every year, yet there are only a tiny number of people on the official donor register.
Philippe Coutinho was given the chance to speak to Pele last month. the midfielder described it as the 'ultimate honour' to speak to the legend. the 30-year-old wants to make the no 10 shirt his own at anfield.
the tracksuit tycoon has bought a plot of land in Chelsea for £200million. planning permission has been granted for 62 luxury flats and seven townhouses. in five years, when the operation to build the properties is concluded, Ashley will add something in the region of £1bn to his net worth.
atletico madrid and real madrid drew 0-0 in their champions league clash. real madrid must be careful with a talent like Raphael varane. atletico keeper Jan Oblak is proving patience is a virtue.
Carter and Jack Hanson, who live in Raleigh, north carolina, met their hero on the Yorktown aircraft carrier in south carolina. the three friends had been in contact for about a year via email after the twins learned about him on their first trip to yorktown. it was an emotional first meeting for the three friends who had been in contact via email for about a year.
world leaders were joined by princes charles and harry to mark the centenary of the catastrophic landings. an estimated 1,000 Allied soldiers died on the first day of the disastrous invasion until January 1916. historian Stephen chambers has collected more than 100 rare photographs, many taken by the troops themselves. poignant images of soldiers from their preparation for the first landings right up until the evacuation have been captured.
Dougie freedman set to sign new two-year deal at Nottingham forest. freedman has stabilised the club since replacing Stuart pearce.
John Terry was at the heart of another impressive defensive display. the 34-year-old was at the heart of Chelsea's 0-0 draw against arsenal. 'it was the best JT has ever played. it was absolutely amazing,' said manager jose mourinho.
if there was a defender of the year, John Terry would clean up. this has been his best season in a Chelsea shirt. beating crystal palace was a massive result for Steve Bruce. Dame N'Doye was the star and could have had a hatful.
chelsea drew 0-0 with arsenal at the Emirates on sunday afternoon. the blues were held to a 0-0 draw by the gunners at the emirates. cesc Fabregas returned to the club for the first time since leaving in 2011. the spaniard was booked for a dive by referee michael Oliver.
Luka modric could miss the rest of the season with a knee injury. the news comes as the club wait to assess the full extent of gareth bale's calf injury, picked up in the same game. the former spurs pair are essential to real madrid's chances of silverware.
new satellite images reveal rapid progress in constructing the runway. runway was built on the contested fiery cross reef in the south china sea. the Philippines, Vietnam, Malaysia, Brunei and Taiwan all claim the region. the country's building activity in the Spratly islands has infuriated neighbouring countries and the united states.
Frank Ernest shepherd, III of Houston, led police on a high-speed chase after being pulled over for a traffic stop. the chase ended when he slammed into another vehicle and after reaching into his backseat was shot by two officers. the 41-year-old father of three had another baby on the way.
new satellite images show a flotilla of vessels dredging sand onto artificially-built land masses near the Spratly islands. the area is disputed by many countries in the region including the u.s., australia and thailand. but china's furious leadership has argued that it is the u.s. which possesses - and wields - the greatest military muscle.
Linda, 64, has tweeted a message of support for her former husband ahead of his sit down interview with Diane sawyer on friday night. it's the first public comment the former beauty queen, who was married to the Olympic gold medalist from 1981 to 1986, has made about his rumored transition from male to female. she compared his expected revelations about his personal journey to the magnitude of what he accomplished as an athlete. Linda had two sons with Bruce - Brandon and brody - and both
Zermatt in the upper valais has banned selfies with the giant rescue dogs. a report from an animal welfare charity alleged the dogs were kept in'miserable conditions'. the dogs are being kept as tourist props by a company in the town. it said they are locked up in confined conditions in an unheated condemned building.
researchers examined the brains of more than 900 people aged over 60. found that living near a congested road can increase the risk of dementia. exposure to small sooty particles alters the structure of the brain.
the 2015 world happiness report is the third of its kind and is edited by a team of renowned academics and analysts. it measures a country's population by factors contributing to its citizens' contentment, rather than wealth. unsurprisingly the world's least happy countries are places ravaged by war and extreme poverty.
Jordan Brennan was killed after breaking into the dance in his local shop. the 17-year-old's killer was jailed for eight months for manslaughter in march. his mother, Kim, 43, says her son was a 'cheeky chappy' and 'lots of fun'. she also reveals how he had made a recording of an ed sheeran song.
eight faculty members wrote the op-ed after 10 doctors urged Columbia to sever all ties with the physician. but they also defended him, saying 'ozisms' should not cancel out his stellar work at the ivy league school. 'we are spending a significant amount of our clinical time debunking Ozisms regarding metabolism game changers,' they wrote. but they added that 'weaknesses in [his] professional balance sheet should not
Julie Schenecker, 54, was convicted last may of shooting her son Beau, 13, and daughter calyx, 16, in their upscale Tampa bay, florida home in 2011. she claimed her son was being sexually abused - but would not say by whom - and that calyx had told her she was suffering from mental illness. but police disputed the claims, saying she had admitted to killing the children for being'mouthy'. now in an exclusive jailhouse interview, she has claimed she
around 15 animals ran away from a farm in Schodack, upstate new york, on Thursday evening and then swam across the Hudson river. they then started running down the Thruway, a series of toll roads which link up the major cities in the state, including buffalo and new york city. three men hired by the farm were cleared to open fire Friday afternoon in a stream in woods in the town of coeymans. police say the decision was made after experts agreed tranquilizers
the horse, Charly, was patrolling Venice beach with his minders on Tuesday when the vandalism incident occurred. somehow the person managed to spray Charlie without the handlers seeing - a move that taggers pride themselves on. however, tags are cryptic signatures, and authorities are hoping they will be able to track down the person responsible.
turnham primary school sent out 'home-school agreement' for new pupils. infants must also pledge not to use homophobic or racist phrases. they must also pledge to be tolerant of people with different sexual orientations. but parents were dumbfounded when it included a demand not to use 'transphobic language'
1961 Ferrari 250 GT SWB California Spider is regarded as the most beautiful convertible ever made. but it is best known for that infamous scene in the 1986 teen comedy starring Matthew broderick. in the movie, Ferris took best friend's dad's red model out without permission but the car eventually trashed.
the medal belongs to Frederick George Biddulph, who served with the 23rd australian infantry battalion at gallipolli between 1914 and 1915. fossicker Ashley manzie unearthed the medal when he was combing a park with his metal detector last week. it led him to Sydney man Stephen Norton - Biddulph's great-nephew. he thinks the medal doesn't belong to Frederick at all, but to his brother Lewis
researchers say vaccine could make a'substantial contribution' to control the disease. drug firm GlaxoSmithKline has applied for a licence from the EMA. tests were carried out on 15,500 toddlers and babies in sub-saharan africa.
damon clay, 17, is in a medically induced coma in critical condition. officers have arrested 19-year-old Quintavious barber and 18-year-old malik morton for aggravated assault and cruelty to a child. relatives said the three teens accused clay of stealing a PlayStation 3.
royal mail is to issue a set of stamps marking 200 years since the birth of trollope. the limited edition sheet of stamps feature images of the novelist and his life. first boxes were erected in Jersey in 1852 as a trial before appearing across mainland.
young girl Alexis Douglas was attacked by a neighbour's pitbull earlier this year. the five-year-old needed 50 stitches to her face and still requires treatment for the next three years. the pitbull's owner escaped without a conviction for not registering his dog and was instead handed a $1500 fine by the court.
business leaders have voiced concerns over the 'disastrous' tory campaign. they believe it has been too focussed on 'personal attacks and scaremongering'. a number of FTSE 100 and other business leaders have criticised the campaign.
Jay Brittain, 63, was worried that the baby owls at small breeds farm park and owl centre, herefordshire, look so similar at birth that he could end up overfeeding them. so he instructed workers at the farm to varnish the claws of each fluffy owlet using nail polish in their very own 'talon salon' so far, a total of seven cute owlets born to two different mothers have been given the colourful makeovers.
Michael Hanline, 69, was wrongfully convicted of murder for the fatal shooting of truck driver JT McGarry in 1980. on the day he was released, he asked for a hamburger 'they show on tv with the bacon on it' and he got one.'my oh my, that's what meat tastes like huh?' he said after taking his first bite. on Wednesday, a judge dismissed the charges against him.
police in new zealand have put extra security measures in place. jihadi mark john taylor has posted a video on youtube. he urged fellow jihadists to attack anzac day services in australia and nz. the video has since been removed after 3 news notified authorities.
former sorority sisters Sarah Grimes and Kristen Saban fought in 2010. Grimes claimed she suffered concussion and a broken nose that required surgery. but a judge ruled that Saban only defended herself against Grimes. the two women pledged the Phi mu sorority at the university of Alabama.
Beth O'Rourke, 44, of paxton, massachusetts, has spent the past 7 years fighting stage four biliary cancer. she passed away on april 16 after a year long battle. in her obituary, she said 'i was a survivor' and thanked all those she loved so much in her life.
two up is one of australia's longest lasting traditions, it dates back to australia's goldfields and the first recorded games are believed to have taken place in the late 1790s. it is now legal to be played on ANZAC day across. returned servicemen league clubs (RSL) and pubs. punting analyst Mike steward has outlined an approach, known in gambling parlance as the Martingale Betting Strategy. if you lose, you have to double your be
Molly parks, 24, died on April 16 after she overdosed on heroin in the bathroom of the pizza restaurant where she worked. her father, tom parks, said he knew when police turned up on his doorstep, they were there about her. days later, he wrote an obituary announcing her death. he pleaded with other families to'stay right on top' of loved ones with addictions.
the apple watch is officially going on sale today - but none of its stores will have them in stock. consumers willing to shell out between £299 to £13,500 - for the gold edition - have to pre-order the watches online. analysts believe the company feared the queues might be embarrassingly small and so opted to launch the watch with more of a whisper than a bang.
Nicola sturgeon said she would form an anti-tory alliance with labour and other smaller parties regardless of how many MPs David Cameron wins on may 7. remarks raise prospect of labour ruling as minority government. the SNP could win as many as 50 MPs in Scotland - allowing Mr Miliband to become prime minister even if he falls far short of a majority.
the 24-year-old from Melbourne is recovering at a five-star hotel in Bangkok, part of the $5,190 'bangkok nose job' medical tourism package she is on. she has been 'chilling out' by the pool, getting manicure and pedicures, shopping and eating out.
'the president believes that to deny the existence of climate change is to deny an observable fact that is substantiated by science,' press secretary Josh Earnest said today. Earnest's channeling of former vice president al gore followed the president's gas-guzzling, 1,836 mile trip on Wednesday, earth day, to the florida everglades aboard air force one. there he preached about the harmful effects of global warming on the environment and the economy and mocked
lack of natural daylight thought to be driving up rates of short-sightedness. spending extra 40 minutes a day in sunshine has been shown to improve sight. in china, where four teenagers in five are short-sighted, transparent classrooms are being tested in a bid to increase exposure to natural light.
Mick Schumacher will make his debut in the formula 4 category this weekend. the 16-year-old will drive under his own name for the first time in his career. he will start on the grid in 19th position out of 38 tomorrow and will take part in two more races on Sunday.
one-year-old Sarina aziz became agitated on a flight from Israel to london. she became frustrated after cabin crew asked her to sit on her parents' lap. the 19-month-old was ejected from the plane and taken to the nearest police station. transavia airlines have said that the action was justified as the child was not 'following safety instructions'
women of japan swear by 'beauty from within' philosophy. prefer to sip on tincture tonics to cleanse the system internally. Mahonia, a traditional herbal treatment for acne, is a number one bestseller.
the department of immigration ranked third in the survey. the department of defence and the department of health were also named in the top ten places australians would like to work. more than 50 per cent of participants in a study of 12,000 appeared to want to work for boss Richard Branson.
Alison, 43, from gloucestershire, had a breast augmentation six years ago. she has now had a further 12 operations but is still living with the damage. the retail worker says she would do 'anything' to look normal again.
an anonymous woman in ohio decided to have an abortion at 23 weeks after learning that her unborn daughter had a chromosomal defect. the fetus also had a diaphragmatic hernia and severely stunted growth, weighing 8oz when she should have weighed just over a pound.'my little girl would never have [had] a life, and attempting to give her that could take mine away in the process,' the woman
two soldiers attacked two men near their barracks in north yorkshire. one was a guard at the palace while the other was a Scots guard. the attack was caught on CCTV and the men were expected to be jailed. judge said it was an 'extraordinary' decision to let them walk free.
entertainment reporter Richard Wilkins made the pilgrimage to gallipoli on the eve of the centenary commemorations. he read excerpts from his grandfather's war diary, which lit 'a flame of interest' to learn more about the veteran. 'i was thrilled at how they restore and maintain all the various artefacts that have been donated by various families,' said the 60-year-old.
Rachael bishop, 19, was working an afternoon shift at the ice cream chain's Lynnwood store when a man wearing a baseball cap and sunglasses came in. as the man reached into the till Bishop tried to swat his hand away. when that didn't stop him, she started punching him in the head multiple times. the robber managed to steal $280 from the cash register.
posters promoting a'straight pride' week at a northeast ohio university were removed this week. student leaders said they decided to remove the posters after consulting with university officials. the posters included profanity and promoted the event as a time to not highlight sexual orientation or differences among students.
aidan Turner's co-star claims obsession with his body is sexist. heida reed, 27, said he was being 'objectified' in a way that would not be tolerated if he were female. she said there should be'same standard for both sexes'
the gruesome job is the responsibility of a team known as the'mausoleum group' which, at its peak, involved 200 scientists working in a lab dedicated to the former leader's corpse. the Russians prefer to preserve the body's shape, weight, colour and flexibility, rather than biological tissue.
party leader says he gets 'unbelievably' positive welcome when he meets black people. claims claims the party is racist have stopped many supporters from backing him.
Artist Frank McKeever from florida created these amazing posters. they show how we could colonise various worlds in the solar system. included are humans skiing on a moon of uranus and living in cities on mars. others show life on Europa and near Saturn - and a destroyed earth. the posters are hand-drawn, and then taken into Photoshop and illustrator to finish them off.
Freddie gray was not buckled in by a seat belt, a violation of the police department's policy. while inside the van, he became irate and leg cuffs were put on him. he asked for medical help several times, and after a 30-minute ride that included three stops, paramedics were called. at some point - either during his arrest or inside the van - he suffered a mysterious spinal injury that led to his death. six officers have been suspended
between 2004 and 2013, the number of passenger vehicle drivers aged 16 to 19 involved in fatal crashes decreased from 5,724 to 2,568, per 100,000 people. new safety features in cars and graduate license restrictions are among the top reasons for the dramatic drop in fatalities. graduated licenses decrease overall crash rate in teen drivers by 20 to 40 per cent.
'the family is watching all together with Bruce, so I’m literally rushing out right after this to catch a flight home so they can wait and watch it with me,' the 34-year-old beauty told extra.
the fort was discovered on top of the. Dunnicaer sea stack close to stonehaven,. Aberdeenshire. it appears to have been built with stone imported from elsewhere in the country. the walls were also engraved with pictish designs of fish and disks with broken spears through them.
pedestrian was sent crashing face-first into the concrete after impact. the rider fled the scene, chased by the 44-year-old's husband. social media manager suffered two three-inch gashes to the middle of her forehead, as well as other facial and hand injuries.
Timothy crook is alleged to have murdered his parents Bob, 90, and Elsie, 83. he is then alleged to have driven their bodies 150 miles before dumping them. but the grey car he is accused of using to transport the bodies has been lost. his lawyer said the blunder could have forensic consequences for his case.
Jeni's Splendid ice creams of Ohio said on its website on Thursday that it is recalling its frozen products after the listeria discovery. the company is ceasing all sales and closing retail stores until its products are 'ensured to be 100 per cent safe' the action follows a similar recall by Texas-based blue bell creameries on Monday night.
shakeker aamer is expected to be released in the summer, sources say. the 48-year-old has been held at guantanamo bay without charge for 13 years. he has twice been cleared for release by the bush and Obama administrations. campaigners say his detention is an 'affront to civilised values'
Christopher wheeler, 54, had more than 2,000 images and videos of boys engaging in sex acts with men when police raided his $350,000 mansion in 2013. one of those showed a naked boy with his head being held by an adult male while performing a sex act. the investigation stemmed from allegations he had sexually his adopted son, aspiring professional golfer Nikolai, and two other teenagers. he was sentenced by the same judge who found him guilty of the shocking crimes in
video posted on facebook has been watched more than 3.5million times. young woman seen sucking on to tube before removing it to reveal lips. teens taking part in #kyliejennerchallenge using bottles or shot glasses.
Sonia Sharrock praised her brother-in-law, for his incredible feat. stud farm in maitland, in the Hunter region of new south wales, rapidly flooded on tuesday. Steve Spowart, a keen surfer, spent five hours helping to rescue the horses. he dived down into the freezing cold water to cut the barbed wire.
playground in toshima ward has radiation readings of up to 480 microsieverts per hour. this is nearly half the recommended annual limit of exposure for a person. authorities believe that the radiation could be coming from something buried underneath the park.
19 kids and Counting stars jessa, 22, and her 19-year-old husband Ben seewald are both known for being incredibly fitness- and health-conscious. the couple announced the news of their pregnancy in a video for tlc.com, which featured them both making health smoothies. the baby is due on November 1, which is also the date of the couple's first wedding anniversary.
Charlene wall Jeffs, 58, has been married to her husband for 31 years. she claims she was excommunicated from the church in september 2014. she claims she was only allowed to cook and clean during her expulsion. she is now fighting to have her two youngest children returned to her.
Rose McGrath of battle creek, michigan has been kicked out of school for low attendance and poor academic performance. the 12-year-old was diagnosed with lymphoblastic leukemia in 2012 and though she is done with her treatment she still feels ill and has trouble attending school. her mother, Barbara McGrath, said even though her daughter is no longer getting cancer treatment, that her recovery will take some time.
photographer martin beck has produced a series of gritty portraits laced with melancholy humour. his subjects look like they can't get over the fact they've had to retire, or like they never quite passed at superhero school. some indulge in unhealthy fast-food, others suck on cigarettes while the rest get bogged down in household chores.
Paul Gregory, 51, claimed exercise left him breathless, despite being a keen walker. he was exposed after council staff read newspaper report about his exploits. article described how he was attacked by cows on third day of hike. he was fined £795 and ordered to carry out 150 hours of unpaid work.
the 65-year-old revealed he started having hormone therapy and plastic surgery in the mid to late 1980s to make himself look more feminine. however, he stopped out of 'fear' of publicity and shame, and kept his secret to himself until he couldn't bear it any longer. on friday night, he addressed about his personal journey and his transition to living as a woman in a two-hour ABC special with Diane sawyer.
billed by the brand as 'perfect for every blushing bride', the underwear and loungewear collection comes in soft palettes of ivory and nude. collection includes a curve-skimming dress, an intricate nightgown and a range of silk and lace sets.
the airport could also be called 'birmingham london' as it is only 38 minutes from the centre of the capital. a similar rebranding in china has attracted thousands of tourists to the city by advertising its proximity to the playwright's birthplace. but there are concerns that not enough americans will know who the playwright is.
'escort card' was a comical printed card men would hand to women they found attractive. it was not to be confused with the explicit sort you might imagine today. collector Alan mays has unearthed a treasure trove of these vintage ice-breakers. they bear phrases such as:'may I be permitted the blissful pleasure of escorting you home this evening?'
the suspects, all of Somali descent, were detained after months of being monitored by the government agency through one of their former allies. a government official revealed the informant, who once planned to travel to Syria himself, has been paid at least $13,000 for providing tip-offs. the suspects' families screamed from the packed public gallery as their lawyers questioned the reliability of the mole.
cross-dressing robber allegedly robbed a service station in northwest victoria. he was wearing a blonde curly wig, red lipstick, a mauve skirt and wide brimmed hat. he allegedly confronted a female cashier with what appeared to be a homemade machine gun he pulled out of a bag. the 23-year-old Taylors hill man was arrested on Thursday and charged with one count of armed robbery
Sofia is the middle child of billionaire roman's five offspring. the 18-year-old took to social networking site to share fun snaps of her life. but she revealed she had been bullied by users about her appearance. now she has hit back saying she is going to turn negative comments into positivity.
no public holiday is triggered when anzac day falls on a Saturday. agreement was struck by state governments in 1993 to provide uniformity of public holidays across the nation. the decision has been condemned by some groups and human resources expert warns there will be a big jump in employees calling in sick.
a house in Narrabeen has finally been demolished after it was damaged during this week's storm. the house began sliding down the hill it was built on after it was battered by the wild weather. a tree stump on the hill prevented the house from falling further down, but authorities feared it would cause further damage. a team of highly trained firefighters, police and engineers undertook the difficult task of pulling it down.
the pariah state may also have the capability to produce enough weapons-grade uranium to double its arsenal by next year, it has been suggested. estimates exceed most previous US forecasts of between 10 to 16 bombs. north has conducted three nuclear detonations, the most recent in 2013.
firefighters battled a 1,000-degree blaze as it ripped through a $3.8million mansion in new jersey on monday. Chad Murphy wore a camera on his now-charred helmet as he stepped into the furnace in Rumson. footage shows him entering the burning building and carefully navigating the smoke-filled interiors. at one point he's seen hosing down a glass skylight with debris falling down.
intruders broke into a home in Hatfield peverel, Essex. flooded the kitchen, dumped the TV in a bath filled with water and slashed sofas and chairs in a wanton wrecking spree. stole jewellery including a wedding ring and watches, a computer, laptop and tablet from the house.
Stephen Phillips, 46, and police constables Christopher Evans, 37, and michael Stokes, 34, are all facing charges of 'theft by a serving police officer' the three officers from south Wales police were all arrested as a result of an investigation being carried out by the force's professional standards department.
20-year-old woman was driving on the I-25 in weld county, north of Denver, when her window shattered and she felt bleeding from both sides of her neck. she told 911 operators: 'i'm on the highway right now and somebody just hit me and I'm bleeding from my neck and I'm scared' she was taken to hospital where surgeons found she had been shot clean through the neck.
columnist for sun called migrants 'cockroaches' in hard-hitting article. he used language similar to that used by some Rwandan media in the run-up to the 1994 genocide, and by the Nazis in the 1930s. 'this vicious verbal assault on migrants in the uk tabloid press has continued unchallenged under the law for far too long,' he said.
sprinter hasn't had fast food for four months, which is 'killing him' his chef chases him round the house to make sure he eats what he's cooked. 'to perform how I want i have to be perfect in training - and eating right is a part of training - so down it goes'
rowdown primary school in new addington, south london, has introduced the rule. headteacher Linda shute said it was to protect the long-term health of pupils. but some parents have launched a petition to overturn the decision. they claim children go all day without a drink because they don't like water.
Louise Henderson alakil, 49, moved to the middle eastern country 27 years ago. she is hiding in a shelter below her family home on the outskirts of the city. her youngest children, miriam, 11, and. ayesha, nine, are among those trapped.
the duchess of cambridge is due to give birth any day now. experts agree that carefully easing the body back into exercise is the best method to get your pre-pregnancy body back. women's health physiotherapist Camilla Lawrence tells mailonline how to get your body back to its pre-pregnancy shape safely.
Aberash bekele, 32, was abducted so she could be pushed into forced marriage. she escaped but was put on trial for killing one of her abductors. miss bekele believes film could put her and family in danger of reprisals.
landmark developments Ltd tore down derelict property in bath city centre. replaced it with a modern block of 14 flats - but residents complained. they said it was three feet higher and four feet wider than approved plans. council says developer has committed 'breach of planning control' and ordered building to be bulldozed.
supervolcano in yellowstone national park releases 45,000 metric tonnes of carbon dioxide each day. a magma chamber beneath the surface is not large enough to produce these levels. researchers have been searching for an alternative source for years. they tracked seismic waves from almost 5,000 earthquakes. they found a secondary magma chamber 12 to 28 miles (19 to 45km) beneath the supervolcano and measures 11,035 cubic miles (46,000 cubic km) the reservoir contains around 98 per cent hot rock.
cigar use is on the rise in the us, where the study was carried out. consumption more than doubled from 6.2billion in 2000 to 13.7billion in 2011. risk for cigar smokers of dying from oral, oesophageal or lung cancer was at least as bad as for cigarettes.
at her heaviest, the maybe tonight singer weighed 127.5 kilos. she underwent gastric sleeve surgery in may 2012 and lost 68kg. the 29-year-old said she was 'out of control' and ate herself 'into a mess'
family of american hostage 'gave money to kidnappers', sources say. 73-year-old was killed in a drone strike on the afghan-pakistan border in january. it is also claimed he was used as a shield to protect a senior al Qaeda operative. his wife has already slammed the government's response to his abduction.
mother-of-two stars in new campaign for online fashion retailer. dafiti signed her because they believe she embodies the brand's style. the 34-year-old is a former victoria's secret angel.
carpenter built the seesaw from trees behind his workshop in south california. it measures 45ft in length and according to its maker, sends its occupiers into the air at a height of around 25ft. a large trunk sits securely in between the natural split of a tree.
the reality star has long had her pick of holiday destinations. but as her fame has rocketed, her travel tastes have likewise changed. this month, she made a high-profile tour of Armenia and Israel.
brain scans on a group of professional comedians revealed differences in the way the brains of these'super speakers' work while talking. they showed less activity in a key area of the brain involved in articulating and comprehending speech. this suggests they were putting less effort into the basic mechanics of speech, allowing them to devote more resources to what they were going to say next.
Eni mevish, 20, was stabbed in the heart, liver and lungs by a sex offender. 68-year-old was on licence for sexually assaulting a 14-year-old girl when he killed her. he must serve a minimum of 20 years for murder at Stafford crown court.
bill Parker, 34, of Gulfport thought a rock had struck him in the face. a lawn mower shot a three-and-a-half inch metal fence wire up his nose. it was lodged in his sinus cavity beneath his eye socket and next to his jaw hinge. the wire miraculously dodged all of Parker's important nerves and arteries.
underwater suites boast floor-to-ceiling views directly into the ambassador lagoon aquarium, which holds 65,000 marine animals. a magnet for well-off honeymooners, the signature suites are three storeys high with a 1,776 square foot floor plan. with a base price of just under £5,500 ($8,200) a night, each suite has elegant perks, including soap with 24-carat gold flakes.
Navinder Sarao, 36, lived in semi-detached house in suburban west london. it is closer to an internet server used by one of the major financial exchanges. his thousands of high-frequency trades could be processed faster than dealers in central london, giving him a massive commercial advantage. he was arrested on tuesday at the request of us authorities. accused of using computer programs to create'spoof' transactions on the Chicago Mercantile
presenter takes to twitter to announce he will not be returning to show. comes as former executive producer launches attack on'meddling' bbc. yesterday, he sensationally quit the show over a 'fracas' with a producer. top gear magazine today published scathing editorial attacking 'executive' bosses. it fuels speculation that the team is gearing up to launch a rival show.
the apple watch is officially going on sale today - but none of its stores will have them in stock. consumers willing to shell out between $549 to $17,000 - for the gold edition - have to pre-order the watches online and wait for their arrival until June. analysts believe the company feared the lines might be embarrassingly short and so opted to launch the watch with more of a whisper than a bang.
umpires ejected a total of five players from both teams after the fight in the seventh inning of Thursday's game at Chicago's U.S. cellular field, Illinois. a heated exchange between royals starter Yordano ventura and white sox outfielder Adam eaton sparked the brawl. players from both dugouts and bullpens flood the field for the brawl.
majority of prawns sold on supermarket shelves come from south east asia. experts tested 342 packages of frozen shrimp from 27 cities across the us. found 60 per cent of prawns tested had traces of harmful bacteria. included E.coli, salmonella and vibrio - a major cause of food poisoning.
Samantha crossland, 30, pocketed parents' fees at a nursery in west yorkshire. she had been told she faced a custodial sentence unless the money was paid back. nursery owner Lynda quigley confirmed £22,642 had been paid into her account. she was sentenced to a 12-month community order and 180 hours unpaid work.
Twitter has rolled out a new feature aimed at helping users sift through the large number of tweets on their feed each day. the service provides a twice-daily summary 'of the best tweets for you, delivered via rich push notification' the move is the latest by twitter to boost engagement for its members amid growth which is slower than some rival social networks.
state broadcaster RTVE has axed plans for a reality show in Pamplona. it would have pitted celebrities against each other to outrun fighting bulls. fifteen people have died since records began in 1924 in the annual event.
skywest airlines flight 5622 was flying from Chicago to Connecticut on wednesday. pilot alerted to potential loss of cabin pressure and plunged plane into terrifying dive. three passengers lost consciousness and others began to feel dizzy and sick. plane landed in buffalo, new york, after plummeting 30,000 feet in just eight minutes. investigation has found no mechanical faults on the plane.
conrad clitheroe, 54, and Gary cooper, 45, were arrested at fujairah airport. they were stopped by police for writing down aircraft registration numbers. despite being told they would not be detained, they were thrown in jail. their ex-pat friend Neil munro was also detained at the airport. they were released earlier this week after charges of espionage were dropped.
imran uddin, 25, bought keyboard spying equipment on the internet. he connected it to a number of university computers and recorded key strokes. he was able to find out passwords that staff were typing in to log in. he then used those passwords to log on to their accounts himself. he was jailed for four months at Birmingham crown court on Thursday.
Brian and Amanda bayers are heartbroken after accidentally killing their 18-month-old son on february 13. Brian was preparing to take his son back to day-care when he went outside to warm up his truck and drive it closer to the house. when he got out of his truck he noticed that the back door of his house was wide open. after going back inside his house to find he son missing, he made the horrifying realization that he backed over Jackson with his truck.
Australian researchers have tested their drone running companion. called joggobot it is designed to float in front of jogger when they run. the technology could allow it to track the speed and direction of the runner. and it could be used for other sports like cycling and rowing.
Aussie the dog saved his owners Kai, seven, and Sophie, 10 from being electrocuted in a puddle. the family were walking near their home at Caves beach, near lake macqurie, when a power line fell into one of the puddles. five-month-old Aussie was walking just ahead of the kids and when he stepped into the first puddle he was electrocuted and died instantly. their grandmother deanna addicoat said the kids were traumatised
Morgan geyser, 12, and her friend anissa weier, 13, are being tried as adults for attempted first-degree intentional homicide in the attack on payton leutner, who survived 19 stab wounds in may 2014. geyser's attorney, Anthony cotton, applied to have her $500,000 bail reduced so that she could get out of jail and seek treatment for schizophrenia and other psychotic disorders. the judge said that geyser was a flight risk, and even though she is
rump, fillet and T-bone are the most popular cuts of meat when eating out. when we cook at home the majority of us (55 per cent) rely on burgers or mince. one in four youngsters think pocket and Y-bone are cuts of beef.
the N-222 road from peso de regua to pinhao in Portugal has been awarded the prestigious honour. the road cuts through the heart of the stunning douro valley and the spectacular views it provides. if you can't make the trip to Portugal there are, apparently, many roads in the UK to get the pulse racing.
revellers in the remote village in jharkhand state tie themselves upside down onto a wooden pole that hand hangs just feet above a raging fire. seconds later they throw themselves into the flames while a Hindu priest uses oil to stoke the blaze. locals believe that the unusual practice helps protect the village from drought and disease.
warning graphic content. pictures show Veronica bolina lying partially naked on floor in front of a group of officers and other prisoners. the 25-year-old had previously been arrested over an alleged attack on her 73-year-old neighbour. an investigation is now underway amid reports she was set upon by officers on three different occasions after being taken into custody.
Freddie gray, 25, was arrested on may 12 in Baltimore and died a week later from a spinal injury that may have been caused when he was not strapped into a seatbelt. unbelted detainees have been paralyzed and even killed by rough rides in what used to be called 'paddy wagons' 'nickel rides' have caused spinal injuries in the past. department rules updated nine days before gray's arrest clearly state that all detainees shall be strapped
Thomas hoey Jr., 43, showed 'callousness and indifference' during sex romp in 2009. Kimberly calo, 41, foamed at the mouth, bled from the nose, turned blue and died. hoey stopped the other woman in the room from calling 911 and even prevented hotel security from coming into the room. he even confessed to continuing to supply friends with cocaine following her death as he helped hamper authorities' efforts to bring him
a memo from an internal police inquiry revealed colleagues expressed concerns about Robert Bates, 73, when he arrived at the Tulsa sheriff's office. documents suggested the department also violated training policies when they employed him. he has been charged with second-degree manslaughter in relation to the death of Eric Harris during a botched sting on April 2.
with no cell phone reception to call for help, owner had to leave his dog Shelby stuck in a pool by the Great salt lake's Spiral jetty. lucky for owner, a family was willing to stay with Shelby - and only more and more strangers followed as they heard his story. as more and more strangers came, they began bringing items to help get Shelby out, using grocery bags, car floor mats, tarp, garbage bags, a straw hat and even bare hands
the duchess of cambridge's uncle hit out at'speeding' cyclist. his chihuahua, Cheech, was run over by a'speeding' cyclist. he posted a picture of the alleged culprit on social media. 'Evil s***... coming to get ya,' he wrote with the picture.
Aaron bee was wanted by police over an alleged domestic violence and assault. the 22-year-old went on the run for two weeks before being arrested in a cafe. posed outside five different police stations and even flashed his genitals. he has been jailed for eight months but has been released after less than five months.
war widows will be guests of honour at the Gallipoli dawn service on saturday. among them is the widow of private Arthur pockett, who fought on the western front during the first world war. they are among 10,500 Australians and new zealanders who will see the service.
Nicholas Salvador, 25, is accused of killing palmira Silva, 82, with a machete. she was found dead in a garden in Edmonton, north London, in september 2014. Salvador, nicknamed 'fat nick', also pleaded not guilty to a separate assault charge.
mohamad saeed kodaimati, 24, charged with two counts of making false statements involving international terrorism matters. prosecutors say he falsely claimed he had not been involved in any fighting, had never fired his weapon at anyone and did not know any Islamic state members. he also falsely claimed he had never told anyone he was involved with the nusra front and had never worked or volunteered at a Sharia court.
a bugle sounded in the early hours of today to mark the moment allied troops landed at anzac cove. thousands of visitors from the uk, australia, new. zealand, india and france have gathered to honour the. fallen at one of the biggest commemorations of the great war.
2,700 tourists were rushed off the island by boat operators just after midday friday after a 911 caller said he was 'going to blow up' the landmark. police sniffer dogs then seized on a locker on the island, which they thought contained something suspicious. an official all-clear was given around 4:30pm, by which time the park's 4pm closing time had passed, so visitors were not allowed back.
sprinkles the 33-pound cat is so fat she can't even roll over and she's comparatively as obese as a 700-pound human, say rescue workers. the neglected cat from sea island city in new jersey was handed over to the rescue agency S.O.S sea island cats by a family facing a foreclosure on their home. sprinkles is a four-year-old spotted black and white cat who won the affection of the women working at the non-profit. 'whatever position she
thousands of voters have suggested landmarks across the city. but no one has come forward with ideas for which streets should fill slots. brown sections of the board cost $60 in Monopoly money. high-end game zones have been easily filled with locations like cathedral.
Mary Todd lowrance, 49, a teacher at Moises E molina high school, turned herself into Dallas ISD police on Thursday morning. officers learned of the alleged relationship after lowrance disclosed details to a coworker who then alerted a Dallas ISD officer. the student has been offered counseling and lowrance has been on leave for several weeks while investigators worked on the case.
Joel edgerton's great grand-uncles, Simon Phillip Comerford and Laurence William Comerford, both served in the same unit in gallipoli in 1915. according to his service record, Simon fought in gallipoli in august 1915. documents show he fractured his left leg after he was kicked by a horse. his brother Laurence was wounded in action in france in November 1914 and November 1917. records belong to relatives of the great gatsby star are among
Barry Lyttle, 33, has been given a 13-month suspended jail sentence. he pleaded guilty earlier this month to recklessly causing grievous bodily harm. his brother, Patrick, 31, was rushed to hospital and spent six days in a coma after he was allegedly struck by his brother. Patrick spent nearly a week in an induced coma in January following his brother's alleged attack.
Mary cartwright was 20 when she was called up to work in the laboratory at Drakelow Shadow Factory in kidderminster, Worcestershire. she spent two years testing metal for aircraft engines, working as the only woman in her department. now 91, she has revisited the now defunct factory 70 years after leaving her position.
teenage suicide bomber named as Abu hafs al-badri blew himself up at a checkpoint in north baghdad. al-badri is claimed to be the cousin of ISIS leader Abu Bakr al-baghdadi, the extremist group's self-styled caliph. al-badri's martyrdom photo was released recently alongside fellow teenage suicide bomber Abu Yaqoub al-iraqi.
the incident occurred just after 11am on monday in south Seattle. the 50-year-old driver of the car was trapped for about 15 minutes as firefighters fought to dismantle the wreckage. it is not clear what caused him to drive in front of the train.
ariana Mason, 21, needed 26 stitches to her face after it was rammed into a glass table-top. she claims she was also choked by the man when he put her in a'stranglehold' at a las vegas hotel. she is suing officer Shawn izzo and the metropolitan police department for $4million.
Khalid Rashad, 61, appeared at camberwell magistrates court today. charged with possession of explosive substance for unlawful purpose. also charged with possession of ammunition for firearm without certificate. police investigating death of cleric Abdul hadi arwani, 48, in wembley.
'well cared-for and loved' Efan james was found 'lying face down and unresponsive' the next morning he was 'lying face down and unresponsive', inquest heard. coroner said new parents were given 'confusing' advice over sleep.
tiny settlements are hidden away from the rest of the world in some of the most beautiful corners of the world. the secluded settlements are often cut off from the surrounding areas, but are each set in their own natural paradises. from villages under boulders in Portugal, to floating villages in peru, these dwellings are hidden away from the world.
mysterious white lights spotted hovering close to erupting volcano in Chile. tens of thousands of people have speculated on what the lights could be. one user suggested it was a police helicopter or an optical illusion. while others argued it was something more mundane.
Kevin bowes, 53, lost several teeth and had nine 'avoidable' procedures. semi-retired teacher from Guisborough said life had been changed forever. semi-retired teacher will need years of remedial treatment to fix decay.
more than a dozen people were injured during a sold-out showing of american pie at westfield high school in indiana. one student suffered critical head trauma as the stage collapsed half-way through a song. the calamity occurred just as dozens walked on stage for the finale.
twenty-year-old Sharista Giles of sweetwater, tennessee, went into a coma in December after a car accident. she was five months pregnant at the time and doctors said she had a two-per cent chance of recovering. in January doctors were forced to deliver the baby early, a little boy the family has named leighton isiah giles. when she finally woke up, she wasn't herself and didn't know what was
the Trussell trust asks for 'donation' from churches and community groups. money is needed to pay for staff, branding materials and PR advice. critics accuse charity of taking money which could be better spent.
presenter left out letter 'c' when he scrawled the word on a whiteboard. viewers took to twitter to complain about the blunder. stayt later described the gaffe as 'one of those things'
the image was taken using the high-resolution imaging science experiment (HiRise) camera on the martian satellite, from a height of 187 miles (300km) above the surface. the rover is parked over dark sand in a valley with light-toned outcrops of rock. rover's tracks are not visible - possibly because they have been swept away by the Martian weather.
former royal marine Bobby burnett jailed for a two-year campaign of terror. he beat his girlfriend and banned her from wearing revealing clothes. the 30-year-old also forced her to hand over her e-mail and social media passwords so he could monitor them. his violence and the stress of his controlling behaviour led her to have two miscarriages, the court heard.
wat Pha Luang Ta bua in Thailand's western Kanchanaburi province is home to 147 tigers in the care of monks. the temple has long proved a hit among tourists who flock there to visit the monks and be photographed next to their feline pets. but a temple vet complained to police that three tigers had recently disappeared from the sanctuary, sparking fears they may have been sold on.
Kay Bennett, 33, from swindon, says she can't find a job because of tattoos. says she has applied for 40 jobs but has had no success because of tattoos. says tattoos have left her embarrassed and as a result, she suffers from depression. says she resigned from last job because she felt 'left out' by colleagues. now wants a well-wisher to pay for laser treatment to remove tattoos.
dr giorgi-guarnieri said Hinckley should be allowed to start a band but not perform publicly. one of Hinckley's interests is music, and he sings and plays the guitar. he also participates in music therapy.
Washington couple's three-year-old son began complaining of someone talking to him. one night they heard a strange man's voice come over the monitor. it said: 'Wake up little boy, daddy's looking for you' hacker also able to remotely control the camera on the device.
Edda goering, 76, has failed in her bid to get the state of bavaria to return family money confiscated after the collapse of the third world war. the infamous military leader plundered private collections and museums wherever the swastika flew but his daughter has always refused to criticise him. she claims the posthumous expropriation of his assets two years after his death was illegal.
teacher suspended from auguste Remoir college in west-central france. allegedly used her classes to defend adolf Hitler's domestic record. said he was a 'good man who built motorways and liked music' 17 of 20 pupils in her class signed a petition against the teacher.
Michael Gridley, 26, was jailed for a year after running the scam. stock including alcohol, cigarettes, dvds, computer games and consoles were taken from the store in basildon, Essex. after being sacked from the store, Gridley managed to land a managerial role at Lidl in Romford, Essex.
Linda and george hunter raised four children in their home in wavertree, Liverpool. but eight years ago, the street became part of a regeneration scheme. council bought properties and boarded them up ready for demolition. couple stayed put as they had elderly parents who relied on them. thought what council was offering was too low and believed home was worth £120,000. but months later they were told offer had fallen through as street is now part of 'home for a pound' scheme.
opera singer posted pictures of herself in headdress made from kingfisher feathers. accessory was made from feathers of no less than 80 of the colourful birds. she said the headpiece was bought for 120,000 yuan (£10,775) conservationists and web users quickly criticised her indifference to animal welfare.
the 17-year-old driver was travelling with four other passengers when she lost control over her vehicle. the group were travelling along Anderson road in Glenning valley on the central coast of NSW. the driver sustained serious injuries to her limbs, forehead and abdomen. she was transported to gosford district hospital while three other passengers were taken to gosford district hospital in a stable condition.
ex-partner of disgraced politician Billy Gordon has spoken out about the years of abuse she suffered. she and her two children were essentially held hostage for three months. 'i was basically like a hostage to him, I wasn't allowed to go anywhere and there was just so much violence,' she said. the violence began when she fell pregnant with their daughter and only escalated after their second child was born.
Reverend creflo dollar, 53, launched an appeal last month for 200,000 people to each donate '$300 or more' so that he could purchase a Gulfstream G650. he came under heavy criticism for the appeal but has insisted he needs the plane for preaching work. in a newly posted five-minute clip on YouTube, the wealthy televangelist responded to critics by saying 'the devil is trying to discredit me'
trio appeared on today's this morning to explain their polyamorous relationship. said they do not'share' Adam but are in a 'unique' situation where they love each other. said they have no jealousy between them as they are all in love.
tensions remain high at the sugar pine mine near Medford after the facility was served with a federal stop-work order. the owners summoned armed guards from the conservative Oath keepers activist network ahead of a major protest yesterday. the miners have since appealed the order and spokesman, Kerby Jackson, confirmed paperwork had been filed to keep officials from 'burning or breaking anything' on the property.
the large android shape covers a mountainous region near the city of Shahpur in Pakistan. it is not an official feature and the image is believed to have been added using Google's Map Maker, although this hasn't been confirmed. Google often places so-called Easter eggs, or hidden features, within its maps and search engine such as the recent Pac-Man game.
duke and duchess of cambridge's second child is due tomorrow. royal couple have been seen out on shopping trips this week. on monday, the mother to be was spotted in her local homeware store.
lawyers for the killer of 13-year-old Daniel morcombe will file an application to have chief justice disqualified from hearing his appeal. chief justice tim carmody received an email from child protection worker, in which she referred to him as 'tim' and included a smiley face. he was convicted of murdering, indecently dealing and dumping the teenager's body in 2003.
the two-bedroom apartment is inside a 1920's building in l.a.'s fairfax district. it was rented by the singer and his wife, courtney love, in 1991 and 1992. during this time, he wrote the song 'heart-shaped box' in the bathtub. it is described as 'beautiful, decorated and clean', a far cry from squalor.
ringside tickets for the upcoming fight between mayweather and Pacquiao are fetching upwards of $130,000 online. due to the high pay-per-view price of the fight ($89.99 - $99.99), its anticipated thousands of fight fans might try to watch the bout for free via a live video streaming app. if that were to happen, broadcasters Showtime and HBO could miss out on millions as viewers illegally stream the content between their devices without paying.
the department of veteran affairs said the word 'anzac' is protected by federal legislation since 1920 and is not authorised for commercial purposes. the department notified Zoo weekly of the breach and asked for all offending images to be removed from facebook. social media users were quick to condemn the controversial issue, labelling it 'gross and offensive'
Ibrahim Ahmad, 18, strapped fake explosives around his body in a stunt to ask a date to the prom. he was suspended from school for five days. school superintendent says he deserved punishment for disrupting the learning environment.
angelina Jolie briefed the council as special envoy for the U.N. on refugee issues on friday. the actress spoke passionately about the plight of refugees in Syria and sharply criticized the U.N. security council for their lack of action. nearly four million Syrians have fled the conflict into neighboring countries, which warn they are dangerously overstretched. the 39-year-old actress and director spoke at the united nations in new york on Friday dressed in a
Andre Gignac says he made the'stunning discovery' in a photograph released by Nasa and taken by the mars rover opportunity. he says he became suspicious about a 'dark spot' on the rim of the Endeavour crater, and so took a closer look. he claims the 'bunker' 'could also be a corridor leading to a bigger bunker'
'i am proud of you. I'm going to miss you. I am going to miss this building. more than anything, I am going to miss you all,' he told staffers. new attorney general-designate Loretta Lynch will take over from him, following a months-long delay of her confirmation vote. she is expected to continue some of the same agenda as Holder as the Obama administration draws to a close.
Remmie, 18, had a thick bar put through her ear as an act of teenage rebellion. when the piercing became inflamed, she was forced to remove the bar. the resulting wound healed into a hazelnut-sized lump known as a keloid scar.
Shabana bibi, 25, died in hospital on saturday after suffering burns to 80 per cent of her body. police have arrested her husband Muhammad siddique and father-in-law Pir Bakhsh. her brother, Muhammad azam, said siddique became enraged on learning his wife had visited her sister without first asking him if she could go out.
Carol Cole was 17 years old when she ran away from a juvenile detention center in texas in 1980. in 1981, police in bossier parish, la, found a teenage girl stabbed nine times in the back and chest stashed under a pile of leaves in the woods out of a dirt road. for 34 years, Carol's family searched in vain for the troubled teen. in february, DNA confirmed that the body in Louisiana matched missing Carol's DNA
toddler suffered horrific facial injuries after Alaskan malamute mauled her. her family ran to find their eight-year-old dog 'gripping' the three-year-old. they wrestled the animal free but the toddler suffered deep puncture wounds. she was airlifted to Morriston hospital in Swansea 60 miles away.
alyssa Marie Chang, 56, allegedly kidnapped her lover's other girlfriend and her two-year-old son last week. she was furious with the mother of little Ronnie Tran because she thought that the woman had been circulating doctored photos of their mutual lover in 'compromising sexual positions' she showed up at the home of the rival with a Taser and told her to take her son and come with her. when the woman refused, she allegedly shocked the woman
emergency summit agreed to lay the groundwork for military action against traffickers after the deaths of some 1,700 refugees in the last week alone. within days, British warship HMS Bulwark and the german supply ship Berlin are expected to be sent to the region. italian prime minister Matteo Renzi called the measures 'a giant step forward' but other EU leaders were less optimistic, with Malta's prime minister, Joseph Muscat, saying the assets being proposed would 'never be enough' to address the problem.
airport was built in 2009 at a cost of more than €1billion. closed three years later when parent company fell into financial difficulties. judge in charge of its administration ruled it should be sold off.
Julieane jablonski, 38, charged with providing marijuana to a minor and felony tampering with a witness. her son, 19-year-old Austin Essig, suffered non-life-threatening injuries when he jumped out of the third-floor window 'without hesitation'
Connor Sullivan, of Cupertino, California, attended his first period class at monta Vista high school on Monday before disappearing for roughly 80 hours. the junior returned home on his own Thursday night and police learned that he had never left the town and was using the water fountains and porta potty on campus. he is thought to have sustained himself on fruit growing in Cupertino residents' yards, as well as that on trees at the school. the school, which is about ten
Tipper Lewis, 43, has been reaping the benefits of superfoods for 20 years. credits the likes of chia seeds, bee pollen and matcha green tea with her boundless energy and good health. acai berries have been linked to weight loss and cancer prevention. flax seeds are thought to help lower blood pressure and reduce risk of heart disease.
woolly mammoths were isolated on an island for around 5,000 years. this forced them to inbreed as their population dwindled until disappering. woolly mammoths clung on in a tiny pocket of the Arctic, on an island that appears to have become cut off from the mainland. study has raised the prospect of bringing the giant mammal back to life using cloning techniques with modern elephants.
vivienne garton, 65, left'sick and scared' after west Highland terrier was stolen. she put posters up near her home but received two phone calls. anonymous caller threatened to cut up her pet unless she paid £500.
most of the compensation consisted of stock valued at $100 million. it was the largest stock package that Schmidt has received since 2011 when he relinquished the CEO's job to co-founder Larry page. Schmidt also pocketed a $1.25 million salary, a $6 million bonus and perks valued at nearly $1 million.
a pregnant meteorologist received hate mail from viewers 'grossed out' by her appearance on their screens. the scathing critics told the six-months pregnant meteorologist that her 'front end looks like the hindenburg and your rear looks like a brick s***house' 'never in my wildest dreams did I expect the barrage of abuse that was bestowed upon my unborn baby and me by a multitude of critics,' she writes in her memoir.
Sanjay chaddah, 43, concocted a 'tissue of lies' after 18-month boundary dispute. he claimed that his neighbour's son-in-law had kicked him and called him a 'p**i' but police discovered altercation had been caught on CCTV. yesterday he was given six-month suspended sentence for common assault.
after one of the warmest Aprils on record, temperatures set to plunge. will go from being hotter than turkey and. Ibiza to colder than Moscow, Stockholm and. Finland in a matter of days. it also threatens to cause a wet and miserable time for. runners taking part in Sunday's london marathon.
the seven-row dairy milk spectacular will contain one row each of: dairy milk caramel, dairy milk fruit & nut, dairy milk whole nut, dairy milk oreo, dairy milk daim, and dairy milk Turkish. the bars were created for a competition to get chocolate lovers to try something new.
laNia Roberts, 18, is an art student at syracuse university. she began painting self-portraits as a means of embracing her own appearance and finding beauty within every flaw. three years ago on new year's day, she made a resolution to change herself - but also to love herself more.
'today we move on. of course, we would have liked to bring our great products to new cities, but we structured this deal so that if the government didn’t agree, we could walk away,' he said. the $45.2billion deal would have merged Comcast's 30million customers with time Warner cable's 11million. the new company would have spun off or sold 3.9million customers. on wednesday, it emerged that federal communications regulators decided that merger wasn't in
Vonda thedford, 55, was driving along a rural road earlier this month when she spotted the mysterious carcass lying on the ground. when she stopped to look at the dead creature, she was disturbed to see it had 'a little truck' in place of a nose, 'little toes' and 'hair on its tail' in a bid to document the unusual-looking beast, she whipped out her camera phone. desperate to unravel the mystery, the restaurant worker revisited
Graeme finlay, 53, went on trial after retired engineer Ron Phillips, 70, and his wife June, 69, were knocked unconscious in the incident outside their cabin. the frail couple accused finlay of an unprovoked attack that left the grandfather with a gash to his forehead and his wife with two fractured vertebrae. but the 16-stone gas worker insisted he only acted in self-defence when hit by Mr Phillips wielding his crut
Bradley parkes was discovered hanging in the woods with a suicide note. his mother Tiffany, 35, shared a picture of her son in hospital. she said he had been tormented for months by a gang in coventry. he had been robbed at knifepoint several times and even slashed in the face.
beach hut on Mudeford spit in Christchurch, dorset, has gone on the market for £230,000. it is the same price as a five-bedroom house in herefordshire and more than a detached four-bedroom house in hull. owners will also have to shell out between £2,500 and £4,000 a year in ground rent to Christchurch Borough council. huts have no mains water or electricity and can only be reached via boat or novelty 'Noddy' train.
FEMAIL writer deni Kirkova travelled to four different prets in london. the 24-year-old tried three different approaches to get a free cup of coffee. she wore no make-up, glasses and a casual outfit consisting of jeans and top. then removed her glasses, applied full face of make-up and wore a dress.
dogs' dramatic decline in fortune partly blamed on china's anti-corruption crackdown. 'people not daring to hand them out as gifts,' says owner of china's largest mastiff puppy farm.
underwater volcanoes give off a muted thrum rather than the explosive roar emitted by their cousins on land. scientists have been able to record one of these eruptions as it happens to discover the sound it makes. the research could allow scientists to monitor undersea volcanoes far more effectively than they have before.
Sawyer sweeten, 19, shot himself in the head while visiting a family member's home in texas on thursday morning. his manager said there were no signs of trouble prior to him taking his own life. the child star appeared in 139 episodes of the popular us sitcom. he was said by his manager to be anti-drugs, very quiet and very shy.
DeShawn Isabelle allegedly punched the 41-year-old woman in the head from behind and then dragged her to the ground by pulling on her hair. he also stole $2,000 in cash that the woman was going to wire back to her family in Thailand and spent it on junk food, air jordan track suits and his graduation fees. the woman was left with bruises and cuts all over her body as well as a concussion after the six-minute ride.
one of the boys was 16 and two were 17 when they were having sex with former teacher Brianne altice, 35. one testified that he considered her to be his girlfriend during their yearlong tryst. but the boys were all minors, and Utah law also says a person cannot consent to sex if the other person is in a position of special trust.
engineers developed the human Powered vehicle (HPV) and will attempt to beat the women's arm-powered speed record in nevada later this year. it will be piloted and powered by paracyclist Liz McTernan and will need to travel in excess of 21.39 miles per hour (34.42 km/h) over a 656ft (200-metre) stretch of tarmac. the current benchmark is held by Tracy Miller who broke the record on 13 may 1995 on a
accused serial killer Charles severance, 54, has been charged with three murders. all three victims were gunned down at their homes in daylight attacks. prosecutor argued he should face just one trial as his writings linked the murders. judge ruled his trial should be moved from Alexandria to fairfax county.
sgt louise Lucas, 41, was on a shopping trip with her eight-year-old daughter. she was struck by a bus as they tried to cross a busy road in the city centre. onlookers say she managed to push her daughter to safety. the mother-of-three was rushed to hospital but later died. her husband, 36, paid tribute to his 'hero' wife at her funeral today.
Kim pappas, 25, was two hours into her working day at Ceva logistics in Wyandotte, Michigan, when she gave birth in the toilet. she then quietly returned to her desk with the newborn baby wrapped in two sealed bags, and put him in her desk drawer. nobody knew she was pregnant until they saw blood in the cubicle. Pappas has been charged with premeditated murder.
Brian Cassidy was picking up trash outside the store in Bangor, Maine on thursday when he found the wet stack of money beneath a large piece of paper. he immediately contacted store security to tell them what he had found and, realizing it was a sizable sum, they contacted the police department. officer Dustin Dow went to the store to take the report and learned that a man had visited the security office last winter to claim he had lost about $4,000 in the parking
Eve Stratford, 22, was found with her throat slashed in her leyton home. six months later, Lynne weedon, 16, was attacked and raped in an alleyway. both murders were linked in 2006 after matching DNA was discovered. the reward was posted last night as detectives appealed for information.
the tiny nipper - measuring just 5.5 inches long - was caught during a 2010 government research trip and its body remained frozen while biologists went about identifying it. this week scientists revealed the dinky creature is a pocket shark - a miniature variation of the more popular kinds. the young male is the second of its species ever seen.
the Taliban have been waging an jihadi insurgency since they were forced out of power in late 2001. the extremists want to turn Afghanistan into an Islamic Emirate, governed by strict sharia law.
a five-year-old girl fell 150ft from a window while her mother was out. she only survived because rain canopies, laundry racks and wet grass broke her fall. her mother, Zheng Jiayu, 31, now cannot afford the £100,000 medical bill.
the 23-year-old was seen barefoot and sat on the edge of a sofa during a stay at the soho hotel in central london on Wednesday night. previously unseen snaps appear to show him in his hotel room with five female friends in the early hours of Thursday morning. one of the girls jokes that they aren't sure which member of one direction he is.
images of the watch's circular face were unveiled as part of an announcement about Samsung's upcoming developer scheme. in its press release, Samsung said: 'the new wearable device will be the 7th generation of Samsung gear with a wrist watch type' earlier this week Asus announced its £119.99 VivoWatch. it has built-in heart-rate monitoring, sleep tracking, and a Happiness Index that shows a person's overall mood. it goes on sale in may.
'tri-service safety officer' trained to respond to crimes, fires and medical emergencies. he will patrol his beat and spread safety messages in his new role.
former masterchef semi-finalist Kim woodward has been appointed head chef. follows a string of maître chefs who have headed kitchen since 1889. famous venue has hosted lunches for prime ministers and musicians.
students from both the university of florida and. Emory university have been accused of the deplorable behavior. against the ex-servicemen during the Warrior Beach retreat in Panama city on. April 17. some of the attendees claim they were subjected to taunts and watched as the drunk youngsters threw beer off the balcony.
Birmingham topped the league table for the highest number of rat exterminations. five per cent of residents in Newcastle reported problems with pests. meanwhile, the borough of southwark has the most mice and cockroaches.
Christien sechrist, a 20-year-old from Houston, had a black and white image of his young son perseus etched onto the left side of his head in July. a snapshot of the tattoo was shared on imgur earlier this week. despite his critics' negative reactions to the tattoo, the young father insists that he has no regrets about his decision to get it done.
Lucy, 23, is the face of fake tan brand, sunkissed. called on younger sister Lydia, 19, to join her in new shoot. says it was'really lovely working together' because they don't see each other often.
hormone replacement therapy (hrt) is used to ease the effects of menopause. women who take combined oestrogen and progesterone therapy have double the risk of breast cancer compared to non-users. new study shows women still have a high risk of breast cancer up to eight years after stopping treatment.
remote community in Aberdeenshire does not even have a shop. but local streams have been well known for grains of gold of'significant size' two-year investigation has revealed possible existence of gold deposits.
a tornado touched down in florida on Thursday afternoon, but did not cause any damage. thunderstorms were predicted to take place in many parts of the country on Thursday evening. severe thunderstorms may take place in several states Friday and affect metropolitan areas, namely. Wichita, Kansas City, Missouri,. Oklahoma City, along with Dallas, Houston, and. San Antonio. for Sunday, the weather channel predicted severe thunderstorms would strike Nashville, Memphis,. Atlanta, Tallahassee, Jacksonville,
Ed miliband accused of stooping to a'shameful' new low in campaign speech. claimed refugees could have been avoided if pm had done more in Libya. claimed crisis was 'in part a direct result' of pm's foreign policy. comes after pm held emergency talks with EU leaders in Brussels yesterday.
1954 Bentley R-type continental fastback was estimated to sell for £200,000. but it ended up being sold for £739,212 - a record for the auction house. it was commissioned by racing driver R D weatherall and painted purple. it was considered the epitome of luxury in the 1950s as well as being the first car to carry the Continental nameplate.
former navy SEAL will host'machine gun fun' shooting competition. supporters of right-leaning for america non-profit offered weekend away. would be put up in luxury hotel on edge of national park. includes clay pigeon shooting, pistol events and'machine gun fun' competition.
Elizabeth 'Elle' Edmunds faked having terminal cancer to raise money. the 31-year-old mother set up an online fundraising page in august 2014. strangers set up a facebook page and crowd-funding account to raise money. police alleged she used a falsified doctor's certificate to raise about $2500. she was issued a court notice this week for the offence of obtaining benefits by deception.
George Kirby and 91-year-old doreen luckie from eastbourne, east sussex, will marry after first getting together 27 years ago in 1988. the pair will have a combined age of 194 years and 281 days - smashing the previous world record of 188 years set by a couple in 2013. between them they have had seven children, 15 grandchildren and seven great-grandchildren.
Barbara beam, 82, died in her bedroom in greenville, south carolina, in January after sitting in the same chair for six months. the coroner's office ruled that her death was homicide by neglect. prosecutors are now considering charges against her caretakers.
troublesome is a regular visitor to Etali safari lodge in the madikwe game reserve in south africa. video footage shows the elephant wandering into the complex as if he owns the joint before seeking refreshment from the splash pools. safety concerns and the fact he is emptying out the pools have led resort staff to take action.
Christopher Whitmore, 36, pulled up behind his wife at a gas station in Georgia. killed his eight-year-old son and wife before turning the gun on himself. police said the couple had a history of domestic issues and were separated.
the fast-casual chain will work with the postmates app to begin offering delivery for online and mobile orders in 67 cities. but the restaurant plans to add a nine per cent service charge. delivery fees for postmates start at $5 and up, depending on distance and demand.
Oskar Groening, 93, is accused of complicity to murder 300,000 people. former SS guard hugged and kissed the 81-year-old Holocaust survivor. 'they called me a traitor,' she said. 'you cannot be free from what was done to you unless you forgive the nazis'
Navinder Singh Sarao, 37, is facing extradition to the u.s. from west london. rogue trader allegedly caused the 2010 'flash crash' on the stock market. he appeared at court on wednesday and was bailed with a surety of £5 million. however, he has remained behind bars after failing to pay the surety.
Liam byrne left memo on his desk after labour's election defeat in 2010. it said: 'Dear chief secretary, i'm afraid that there is no money'. byrne's successor, david laws, found memo on his desk in the treasury. today, chief secretary, sent letter to byrne apologising for late reply. said it was because he had been 'fixing the economy' and 'fixing the
Xie shisheng was just 16 years old when was imprisoned by the mill owner. he was found in a small dark room by police earlier this week. he said he was hit with a hammer, never fed properly and beaten daily.
picture of bahar mustafa, 27, posing in front of 'no white men' sign. handmade poster refers to a ban on 'cis' or cisgender men. miss mustafa told men and white people 'not to come' to meeting.
concept artist Alex Brady from the uk has created beautiful pictures of what space travel might look like. he imagines a space station of tomorrow similar to Las Vegas, with neon lights and plenty of attractions. a space settlement would be a large structure, comparable in size to a town or small city, built in Earth orbit. the ISS currently houses six astronauts at a time, but a space settlement would have hundreds or thousands on board.
Benjamin mellor ripped open one of the 41 bales of cocaine after food ran out. the 35-year-old window cleaner, from Bradford, was jailed for eight years. he was one of three men arrested after Naval officers stormed the yacht. the scheme began in 2013 when Powell took charge of the 62ft makayabella.
jet set candy's marry British royalty spinner charm has a double-sided wheel of fortune-style spinner, allowing wearers to predict their fate with one quick spin. the charm silently acknowledges that 32-year-old prince william is already taken - by not mentioning him at all.
Kerrie armitage, from Leeds, suffers from the ultra-rare condition aquagenic urticaria – an allergy to water. she was diagnosed two years ago after her skin erupted in agonising blisters when she got caught in a rain storm. 28-year-old has had to stop kissing her husband of four years, because the saliva on his lips can trigger a painful flare-up.
biometric scanning will eliminate the need for check-in lines and desks. each of us will have an 'e-agent,' inside a watch or small piece of jewellery. hotel rooms will be controlled by an iPad, rather than manned desks.
Lincolnshire resort joins picturesque places such as St Ives and Windermere in top ten league of towns for holiday property. it is number five among the UK's holiday home hotspots behind windermere in the lake district and Newport in pembrokeshire. research revealed that 165,000 people in england and wales have holiday homes.
Sydney's Dan Churchill appeared on good morning america on tuesday. he was promoting his new cookbook 'dude food' and flirting over food with gossip girl starlet Blake lively. the 25-year-old even admitted to the blonde bombshell that he crushes more on husband Ryan Reynolds. 'i am not one to go all fan-boy like so I kept my cool but there was one thing I had to be honest about,' he
record crowds turn up at dawn services across the country to remember the sacrifice of the anzacs. tens of thousands also assembled at Melbourne's Shrine of Remembrance, with some leaving home as early as 2.30am. large groups gathered elsewhere around the country, with the nation's capital Canberra in particular focus.
Lisa heath, 45, was an assistant at Willowtown community primary school. she admitted carrying a class b drug after colleague reported it to police. initially denied drugs were hers, saying they had been planted on her. but later changed her story, accepting a caution for possession. school has now suspended the member of staff following the incident.
labour leader has been touring country with prop to make him appear statesmanlike. has delivered key speeches in campaign stood behind the lectern. but it has also been deployed when he is just making brief remarks.
created by australia-based paranormal games, the app's developers have yet to reveal exactly how the technology will work. it claims to create a 'personalised afterlife experience' with loved ones who have passed. this could be a step towards uploading memories and personalities into computers, allowing people to live on in virtual reality.
John elder and armin t.wegner documented the unimaginable suffering they witnessed in images which helped build a case against a Turkish government. as Armenians mark 100 years since the atrocities, many western countries still do not use the word genocide. Wegner, a volunteer military nurse, set up clandestine mail routes with foreign consulates and embassies to get hundreds of notes, annotations, documents, letters and photographs. he did so in defiance of strict orders from
german student Emma sulkowicz accused her classmate, Paul nungesser, of rape. nungesser said a university-owned website presented the allegations as fact. nungesser is suing the school for 'gender-based harassment and defamation'. he said the school allowed sulkowicz to carry a mattress into classes, the library and campus-provided transportation as part of her senior thesis.
Islamic state have reportedly launched their own 'health service' in syria. the acronym even appears to be an unimaginative copy of the uk's free health system. the video features an australian pediatrician and an Indian physiologist, urging foreign doctors to travel to Syria and help with their new health care service.
PepsiCo said today it is dropping the ingredient from the popular drink in the U.S. in response to customer feedback. the decision to swap sweeteners comes as after a decade of plummeting sales.
a new species of frog has been found in Brazil. Called Hylodes japi, it was found to mate underground in secret chambers. males and females typically find a spot to mate in about five minutes. and the male will cover up the eggs to protect them from predators.
former state district judge G. Todd baugh of billings has been chosen for a lifetime achievement award by his local bar association. he sparked widespread outrage in 2013 over comments suggesting that 14-year-old girl shared some responsibility for her rape by a teacher. at former teacher's sentencing, he said that moralez was 'as much in control of the situation' as the teacher. moralez killed herself before the case went to trial.
new york mets closer Jenrry mejia has been suspended for 80 games without pay after testing positive for the banned substance stanozolol. the 25-year-old right hander will not be able to play again until at least July.
Deputy Kerry Kempink was responding to a burglar alarm going off. he was confronted by two black Rottweilers which ran towards him. within seconds he shot the closest dog which was barking at him. he then turned his gun on the other which ran off. the horrified owner shouted at the officer: 'they're not even vicious'.
Jenna marotta, 27, of new york, developed dermatillomania - a compulsive skin-picking disorder that left her face bleeding.
openly-gay high school junior, Anthony Martinez, reached his wits' end trying to find a suitor for his may 2 dance in Nevada. he tuned to social media and was over-joyed when his straight guy friend, Jacob lescenski, stepped in to fill the spot. he greeted Martinez in the locker room at desert oasis high school on Tuesday morning with a huge pink banner reading: 'you're hella gay, I'm hella
surveillance cameras caught the thief taking $9,000 out of the account of Kate Sullivan at Chase branches in Commack and freeport on september 23, 2014. state police say the female suspect then racked up $4,000 in bills after opening four store credit cards in Sullivan's name in new Haven, Connecticut. Sullivan, who had lung cancer, was informed of the fraud while fighting for her life at memorial Sloan kettering cancer center in new york.
police have confirmed the body of a woman found in the boot of her car is that of 35-year-old missing public servant Daniela d'addario. a 27-year-old man, believed to be her boyfriend, has been charged with her murder after fleeing from officers when they stopped the car. a friend described her as 'a beautiful girl' after she was found dead in the boot of her blue Hyundai getz.
the 1986 dossier is mentioned in an investigation into an alleged government cover up but its contents remain a mystery. the home office has refused to comment on the dossier, which could potentially conceal the name of a second person, it is alleged. last year NSPCC boss Peter wanless led a review of Home Office files from 1979 to 1999 and concluded it would be 'impossible' to unearth the missing files.
british driver celebrates his second win in three races at the Chinese grand prix. he sprayed champagne straight into the face of one of the hostesses. leading campaign against sexism condemns the behavior of the driver. others have called him an 'embarrassment to the UK' and an 'ignorant clown'
driver caught on camera driving at 67mph on a 50mph section of the M11. instead of coughing up a fixed penalty fine, he made up stories. he tried to fight the charge in six different courts, concocting stories. he finally admitted perjury and perverting the course of justice.
Randy and Jodi Speidel, from bellefontaine, ohio, took their own lives this week, less than two months after they created online fundraisers begging for financial help. the couple had been living without gas all winter, had no running water and were close to having their electricity and internet service shut off. after having paid $500 to their landlord to prevent their immediate eviction, Mrs Speidel stated that they were left with only $33 to their name.
transport for london has launched campaign to tackle abuse on public transport. new video shows woman hounded by persistent male, who gropes her. narrator - actress from Broadchurch - asks: 'would you report it?' one in ten londoners have experienced unwanted sexual behaviour on public transport.
bianca gascoigne was mugged by a gang on bikes in central london. the 28-year-old was walking in Marylebone when she was targeted. the attackers are thought to have grabbed her phone and bag. they then tried to snatch her bag but she fought them off.
'i understand how people south of the border think, "Oh my goodness how will it work? it's a mess",' she said. she also suggested that david Cameron had been 'not unhelpful' to the SNP by gaining the party greater publicity.
the 51-year-old said he was not 'firing on all cylinders' during campaign. he revealed he was suffering after a flare-up of an old spinal injury. he has been prescribed the sleeping pill and muscle relaxant.
nursing student died of head and neck injuries, according to death certificate. her parents have spoken of heartbreak at losing their 'cherished' daughter. her remains were uncovered at high Craigton farm, near Milngavie. former private schoolboy Alexander Pacteau, 21, appeared at court today. he made no plea and was remanded in custody charged with murder.
ariana miyamoto, 20, was born and raised in the port town of sasebo near Nagasaki, where the us has a naval base. she was chosen to represent her country in the miss universe pageant last month. many in the country have expressed hostility to her title win as they expected it to go to a 'pure' Japanese woman and not a 'hafu', meaning half-japanese.
James webster targeted female shoppers at the store in maidenhead, Berkshire. the 35-year-old was caught after a fellow shopper spotted him moving the bag he was carrying closer to his unsuspecting victim. security guards discovered Webster had cut a hole in the bag through which he placed the lens of a camera so he could carry out his covert filming. he admitted outraging public decency and was warned he could face prison. but
cops began following the wild animal after it was spotted scurrying through Battery park city at 6am on saturday. for two hours it evaded capture, with one witness describing hows cops were chasing it 'like a suspect' they cornered it at merchants river house on south end avenue and shot it with a tranquilizer dart. it was then put in a cage and taken away into the care of the ASPCA. at least four coy
TV insiders say hugh bonneville and lily james would be ideal cast. but one source said that lily james would not be a good fit for the role. fellowes said that doctor thorne is 'one of my favourite novels'
Peter gale dismissed by nonsuch high school for girls in Surrey two weeks ago. the 47-year-old sent informal emails over a period of months to sixth-form pupil. school has described his actions a'serious breach of safeguarding procedures'
haunted furniture includes the 'chair of death' and the 'ghost cane' in indiana. a firefighter in the 1980s claimed to have seen the painting left unscathed at the scene of numerous house fires, leading to rumours that it was cursed. the haunted bunk beds of wisconsin became infamous in 1987.
Shoccara Marcus returned to her childhood home after her father was diagnosed with cancer in 2011. in a photo series, she expresses her feelings of isolation as she tries to cope with her family remembering her as the child she used to be. she said: 'by fitting myself into awkward places and positions I questioned where, how, and why, I fit into the family structure'
in 1996 a us academic concluded that it enjoyed the best climate in the world. the Alfredo Kraus auditorium was built in the 1990s as a 'theatre of the ocean' see the Atlantic rise and fall through an enormous picture window.
Alison saunders, 54, sparked outrage last week when she ruled 86-year-old should not face trial over alleged paedophilia against nine children because he has dementia. today, newly-released documents revealed abuse was covered up by police and social workers for more than 20 years. she secured pupillage – a barrister’s training contract – at 1 garden court chambers in 1983.
one-eyed police killer Dale cregan has reportedly been transferred to psychiatric unit at same time as moors murderer Ian Brady. the 31-year-old was said to have started refusing food at HMP manchester after being moved to solitary confinement. he was jailed for life after shooting police officers fiona bone and Nicola Hughes in 2012.
may pat Christie, 51, quit her $475,000-a-year job at finance firm angelo Gordon & co. family spokesman said it was to'spend more time with her family and children' move is likely a precursor to her husband's 2016 presidential bid.
Michael foster was appearing at a public 'hustings' in camborne and redruth. objected to mention of his luxurious four-bedroom home by loveday Jenkin. she is standing for the cornish party mebyon Kernow in the same constituency. claims he turned to her and said: 'you c***. if you pick on me again i will destroy you'
actor was asked what he thought of director's claim that superhero movies were 'cultural genocide' downey said: 'for a man whose native tongue is spanish speaks to how bright he is' comments sparked furious backlash on twitter, with some calling it 'racist'
the party is a belated celebration of Mrs Clooney's 37th birthday in february, according to a source. the couple are understood to have invited friends to their mansion on lake como for a three-day, star-studded party.
packages containing heroin and cannabis cleared from roof of HMP altcourse. also recovered 22 phones, three sim cards and six chargers from 60ft roof. haul highlights extent of drug use among jail's 1,300 inmates.
a man identified as Walter Witt on YouTube was casually filming a serene forest with gentle waterfalls a short distance away from the foot of the 6,500-foot-high calduco volcano. the video has over 72,000 views since being posted online. the volcano has been dormant since 1972 and neither scientists nor government officials predicted the eruption.
Tony McCoy has been champion jump jockey for the past 20 years. the 40-year-old finished third in his final two races at Sandown park. he was cheered on by his wife Chanelle and children archie and eve.
Marco Evaristti poured red food dye into the Strokkur geysir hot spring. when they boiled, vibrant pink steam blew up from the ground. he professed that 'nature belongs to no one' and was jailed for two weeks. landowners described his efforts as 'vandalism' and 'disgusting'
Vince cable wants to replace g.o. osborne as uk's new Chancellor. he says he has spent 'political life fighting the conservatives' he says he is'regularly voted their least popular cabinet member', just like nick clegg.
Kevin Coulton, 16, put his lips in the rim of a glass and blew to achieve a fuller pout. but the schoolboy was left with dark bruising around his lips and chin. he is warning classmates not to take part in the craze sparked by beauty-conscious youths desperate for a fuller pout.
former Blair ally signed a letter backing the labour party in 2005 election. he has now signed a letter backing the conservatives for this one. 'i'm not a tribally political animal. i am someone who runs and starts businesses, but most importantly wants to see our country succeed. i back whatever works'
panel will focus on thousands of 'adjustments' made to temperature records. such adjustments are made when instruments are replaced or recalibrated, or heat-producing buildings are erected close to weather station sites. 'climate sceptics' have argued that the effect of such adjustments has skewed the records.
the Gulf state has spent £11.6 billion collecting trophy assets in the uk. last week their sovereign wealth fund snapped up canary wharf for £2.6 billion. last year, the oil-rich country became the first commercial sponsor of royal ascot.
broadcaster died at a hospice near his hometown of shrewsbury yesterday. colleagues paid tribute to the 'perfect colleague' and 'consummate professional' one direction star and Derby County supporter Niall Horan also paid tribute. broadcaster lost his battle with cancer after it spread around his body.
the 47-year-old was invited to join other international celebrity guests onboard boats in the fleet for the start of the sixth leg. as the fleet headed out of harbour, the guests all jumped off the vessels. he said he was a dab hand at diving after being trained in the sport by Britain's Olympic medallist, Tom daley.
the game dates back to australia's goldfields and the first recorded games are believed to have taken place in the late 1790s. thousands of men and women took their chances with the coin game in the spirit of the diggers. while the game is considered a form of gambling and is illegal at all other times, two-up is allowed on ANZAC day.
new tests pinpoint genetic'markers' in the tumour and determine its aggressiveness. after surgery, the cancer cells are sent to a lab where they are screened. women can be told within days whether they have a high or low risk. for some women, the test can accurately tell if the risk is as low as five per cent.
disgraced reporter was covering the NHL Stanley cup playoff game between the new york islanders and washington capitals. footage emerged showing her unleash a vicious verbal attack on a single mother-of-three at a towing firm.
comedian Jenny eclair travelled with her other half on a painting in Venus break. the couple spent a week in Treviso, just outside of Venice, learning to paint. the trip was part of the 'painting in Venus' programme with Flavours.
the 46-year-old singer has filed for guardianship over daughter Bobbi Kristina's estate according to a Saturday report from NBC affiliate 11Alive. this news comes just days after the 22-year-old's loved ones were split over whether she had awoken from her coma as her father had claimed. the daughter of Whitney. Houston was recently moved from Emory university hospital - where she had been treated. since being found unresponsive on January 31 -
rogue european eagle owl has terrorised the Dutch town of noordeinde. hoards of twitchers have flocked to the town hoping to catch a sighting. the bird of prey spent around one minute perched on woman's head.
90 per cent of patients on a surgical ward at a leading teaching hospital failed to get the correct treatment, a snapshot NHS study reveals. the study of 23 patients with sepsis at Edinburgh royal infirmary revealed just one in ten had their lactate levels tested. only 40 per cent were given oxygen, and staff failed to measure urine output in nearly a third of cases.
at £4 each, the mull-cloth nappies are not cheap in the uk. but they are all the rage in europe, where pippa's boyfriend lives.
a number of pages, written in arabic, have reportedly been found on the social media site targeting refugees fleeing war and poverty. they are said to be advertising'reliable' and 'comfortable' travel to Europe on overcrowded vessels for around $1,000 per person. discovery comes after the deaths of some 1,700 refugees in the last week alone.
Dana perino was accompanying the former president as he visited wounded soldiers and their families at the Walter Reed hospital in washington, d.c. 'the mom was beside herself with grief. she yelled at the president, wanting to know why it was her child and not his who lay in that hospital bed,' perino wrote in her new book. she said the president tried to offer the mother some words of comfort before he just'stood and took it'
Elizabeth Elena Laguna salgado, 26, from chiapas, was last seen leaving a language school in provo, utah, on april 16. there is no evidence she was kidnapped, but she hasn't made contact with anybody since. the woman's cellphone has been turned off, and there has been no activity on her credit cards or any other sign of where she is or what happened, police chief John King said. the woman's uncle, rose
three eight-week-old puppies were found inside of a sealed cardboard box labeled'stuff animals' the dogs were covered in urine and suffering from heat exhaustion. the dogs have been named Greta garbo, Bette Davis and Marilyn Monroe. they have worms and are malnourished, and it is likely they have lived their entire lives in a cage.
former postman, 54, from ipswich, lost 46st after gastric bypass surgery in 2010. he then went on to eat quadruple portions of fish and chips for lunch. then two kebabs for dinner followed by roast dinner, curries or pizza. at his heaviest he would then eat a roast dinner, curries or pizza. he then ate a roast dinner, curries or pizza and more chips in the evening. wanted
the image is believed to come from a religious group in the u.s. professor of gynecology Hans Peter dietz said it represents a broader anti-caesarean sentiment which has harmful consequences. he said the sharp rise in Caesareans since the 1980’s has triggered a strong movement from people trying to curb the rates.
Dennis Hutchings, 73, has been charged with attempted murder. he appeared at Omagh magistrates court and was released on bail. he was charged over the death of a man with learning difficulties in 1974.
the entrepreneur converted the chapel at south leigh, Oxfordshire, in the 1970s. he was setting up his recording business and used the chapel as a weekend retreat. from then until the present day, the Virgin logo has always been printed in red.
the Zeta Beta tau fraternity was suspended and charged with obscene behavior, public intoxication, theft, causing physical or other harm, and damage to property. the deplorable behavior against the ex-servicemen occurred at the Warrior Beach retreat on April 17. 'they actually spat on me and my service dog as well, and that's just so disrespectful and it hurts,' wounded veteran Nicholas connole said.
Gary Lincoln, 48, was working in a house in Cardiff when his jacket sleeve got caught. his hand was severed at the wrist, leaving it held on by only flesh and skin. he was taken to hospital where surgeons operated on him for more than seven hours earlier this month.
consultants claim to work with politicians to build ‘leadership skills’. they use ‘neuroscience’ and ‘business psychology’ to help them. services offered by extendedmind include coaching on how to look ‘authentic’ and tutorials on how to build alliances.
Judith Chalmers and her husband travelled to the city of macau. it was run by Portugal until 1999 when it became a special administrative region of china. highlights for them were the Ruins of st paul's and elegant senado square.
William Kerr absconded from a bail hostel in Hull after being released on licence. 53-year-old was jailed in 1998 for the murder of Maureen comfort. he was apprehended in street in waterloo, south London, on friday.
Pauline McKee thought she hit it big in 2011 when the screen announced she had won a bonus award of $41,797,550.16. but on friday the Iowa supreme court determined she had actually only won $1.85 because of how the symbols had aligned in the game. the unanimous court ruled that the game's rules stated that the maximum award was $10,000 and that bonus awards were not allowed.
Nicola sturgeon has been accused of savage violence by her sister, gillian. claims that the 44-year-old cut the hair off her sister's Barbie doll. rebutting the claims, she said: 'i'm sure I didn't cut the hair off her doll' a joke twitter account was set up in the name of the politician.
channel 4's Indian summers star jumped at the chance to head to Thailand. despite an 18-hour journey, she arrived in Phuket still excited about recapturing her zen. she did yoga at Sri panwa's cool spa, on a platform called Baba nest.
more than 200 australians are confirmed safe but authorities are still trying to contact hundreds of others. the family of 20-year-old volunteer ballantyne forder led a tireless campaign, making headlines as they pleaded for help to find her. actor hugh sheridan has made a desperate plea on social media to ask for prayers for his younger brother Zachary who is missing at mount everest. at least 18 climbers were killed after the quake which buried tents at the base camp
east Lancashire railway’s award-winning 1940s weekend is a highlight in many a vintage enthusiast’s calendar. the cotswolds Olimpicks attracts thousands of spectators as ‘athletes’ take part in obstacle courses and tug-of-war. the london 2012 olympics is a chance to see the olympic flame in action.
the show entitled the seven year switch is an eight episode series in which couples live, eat, and even sleep with a new significant other. the show's concept is based on the idea that after seven years of marriage, spouses often become restless and regret their decision to wed. the show is produced by Kinetic content who also produce the love-based show married at first sight.
Navinder Sarao, 36, made the bold claim in an email to business colleagues. it has been lodged in the northern district court of Illinois as evidence in any future trial against him. prosecutors allege he helped to trigger the 'flash crash' of wall street in 2010.
the Eagles palace hotel occupies a pristine location 90 minutes' drive from the airport at thessaloniki. the hotel is a labyrinth of terrace restaurants, cooling courtyards, beach bars and a large saltwater pool.
officers spotted the replica of the car as it travelled between Stoke-on-trent and Crewe yesterday morning. officers joked that they had pulled the car over because it had a 'leaky flux capacitor! and he had set the Tarmac on fire!'
dontrell Stephens was paralyzed from the waist down after he was shot by palm beach county sheriff's office Deputy Adam Lin. the then-20-year-old only had a cellphone on him when he was shot. the clip was released as part of a lawsuit against the PBSO.
Adam barker is an equal shareholder in handles for forks, which distributes his father's work. company made £501,319 profit in year to last June, which will be split with sister Charlotte, 53, and brother Laurence, 46. 47-year-old was first arrested in 2003 during dawn raid on his house. 1,675 images and videos depicting child pornography were discovered. he served 13 weeks in prison after admitting to making indecent images.
Jay Liptrot, 43, was among the first firefighters on the scene of the 200C inferno at a block of flats in prestatyn, north Wales. his tenant Lee-Anna Shiers, 20, her partner Liam Timbrell, 23, their baby Charlie, 15 months, nephew Bailey, four, and niece Skye, two, were trapped and perished. jobless alcoholic Melanie Smith, 45, was jailed for life for murdering the family.
man jailed for life after jurors heard how he 'took his daughter's life' through sexual abuse. he impregnated her when she was just a teenager, having 'poisoned' her against her mother. as she watched him being led away from the dock the girl ran towards him, crying out: 'i love you and miss you'
Luis andres cuyun, 30, was riding in a car when two suspected mara salvatrucha members opened fire on him and his driver. a Salvadoran man arrested for alleged involvement in the shooting later told authorities that he had come to the country specifically to kill cuyun as'revenge' for treatment of gang members. cuyun and his companion, social welfare official abimael rodas Palacios, 42, were taken to the hospital with bullet wounds in
chip shop worker jeannie flynn, 53, lay stricken in the basement of a cafe. she was walking to her GPs when a man told her to walk around a one-foot hole. as she did so the ground gave way and she plummeted downwards. her partner claims she could have been killed in the accident.
software programmer has used an application to create images of the new prince or princess. if he is right, the heir will have wispy blonde hair, dark brown eyes and a small nose when aged between two and four years old. pictures of the new prince or princess were created using Mr kondal's Morph Thing application.
an FBI agent's sniper rifle was ripped out of his car's window and stolen from a salt lake city hotel parking lot. the gun was inside a hard rifle case and was'secured properly' to a truck safe with padlocks and chains while the car was parked at the Marriott springhill suites. police believe the thief stole the rifle by breaking the rear right passenger-side window, tying a rope around the rifle case's handle or a cable lock
Brynn Johnson lost her 17-month-old daughter, Rowyn, in a tragic accident in september last year. her friend, Cassie Miller, accidentally ran over the little girl with her car. the two women, who have known each other for some time, have started a charity to help other families who have experienced child tragedies.
Eva chapin, 34, from west linn, referred to the residents as 'n*****' but wrote: 'i am not racist' one of the notes read: 'apes were never meant to drive so stop' another said: 'u look like a monkey and you smell like 1 too [sic]'
vandal smashed the front window of upmarket estate agents' Brixton branch. he then spray painted 'no evictions' and 'yuppies' across housing advertisements. a police spokesman confirmed that one man has been arrested on suspicion of criminal damage. a spokesperson for the event denounced the violent actions of 'one idiot' but said there could be a reason Foxtons is 'continuously targeted'
property developer Andreas Christopheros, 29, was left fighting for his life. corrosive liquid was thrown in his face outside his home in Truro, Cornwall. Nicole Phillips, 45, has been charged with perverting the course of justice. her husband David Phillips, 48, had already been charged with grievous bodily harm with intent.
bill would prevent adolescents from smoking, buying or possessing both traditional and electronic cigarettes. governor hasn't yet decided whether he will sign the bill. bill includes a $10 fine for first-time offenders.
space lasers are best known for blowing up people - and planets - in science fiction. but one scientist is hoping they could be the answer to heating our homes. he is working on a laser which will convert sun beams into energy. the energy it creates can then be shot back down to earth using semi-conductors. but unlike the lasers in the movies, they will not be powerful enough to blind a pigeon, let alone blow up a planet.
mohammad ali akhtar was attacked by a knife-wielding robber in his store. he was only on his second shift at the premier stores in Flixton, gm. CCTV footage shows the hooded thief vault the counter. he then wrestles with the brave cashier, who refused his demands. mr akhtar had 14 stitches in his ear and surgery on his hand after the attack.
the mistley thorn has been around for ten years, in the capable hands of Californian sherri singleton. built as a coaching inn circa 1723, the hotel offers award-winning dining and award-winning accommodation.
student demonstrators walked on an american flag to protest racism. air force veteran and former playboy model, Michelle manhart, was detained by police when she refused to return the flag. she later was banned from the campus of 11,500 students. tensions rose at Valdosta state when campus police found a backpack containing a handgun on Tuesday.
Cameron will say the tories are the party of opportunity for people. he will also set out targets for ethnic minority recruitment. the claim will be seen as a tacit endorsement of the leadership ambitions of culture secretary sajid javid.
Simon wood, 38, battled it out against Emma Spitzer and Tony rodd. they were challenged to cook judges a three-course meal in three hours. the final follows seven weeks of tough challenges, including the 'chef's table'
prominent women's rights activist was shot dead by two gunmen on a motorcycle. her sandals remained in the footwell of the driver's seat of her car. police have declined to speculate on a motive for the slaying. friends and colleagues described her death as a targeted assassination. earlier that night she hosted an event to discuss human rights in baluchistan.
the former high jumper, now 65, won gold in the 1976 olympics in the men's decathlon. since then, he has undergone countless cosmetic procedures, including a revisionary face lift and a revisionary nose job. in an interview with diane sawyer, he confirmed this is the last time he will appear as 'bruce' before becoming 'her'
police said they received a phone call from someone saying that they had stabbed their roommate at the university, was armed with a shotgun and threatening to blow up the administration building. Manchester university had issued a statement advising students at its north Manchester campus, some 36 miles west of fort Wayne, to shelter in place. police and a bomb squad responded to the incident, though left after deciding that it should be investigated as a likely prank call.
scientists are working towards digitally recreating the cognitive abilities of the Apis Mellifera or european honeybee. final aim is to build a robot that thinks, senses and acts just like the tiny insects. robot could be used to pollinate crops or even assist on search and rescue missions.
a judge has ruled the number plate was a deliberate reference to the 1982 war. Jeremy Clarkson and his colleagues were harangued out of argentina last year. their convoy was led by a Porsche bearing the controversial number plate. a village of falklands war veterans targeted the team as they drove through patagonia.
Starbucks announced late friday night that a computer outage that affected registers at 8,000 stores in the us and canada has been resolved. the company said earlier the outage affected 7,000 stores in the us and 1,000 in canada. it did not explain exactly what caused the outage, which began in the early evening on the east coast and in the late afternoon on the west coast.
the row started after a group of far-Right supporters supported Mr Farage at an event in Broadstairs on friday evening. they were led by Gary field, a former regional organiser for the english defence league. they enjoyed the protection of Ukip’s security teams, which encircled the Broadstairs Pavilion.
the video shows a man with an australian accent who calls himself 'abu Yusuf' he calls on foreign doctors to travel to the ISIS stronghold of raqqa. the vision shows him handling babies in a maternity ward. he is wearing western-style blue surgical scrubs and a stethoscope.
Aaron Kaufman, the former chief technology officer of health insurance firm blue shield, is accused of blowing more than $100,000 on his company credit card. he is also accused of spending thousands of dollars on vacations, hotel stays and lavish nights out with his girlfriend, 'tara' Reid. blue shield said that at one event she 'behaved inappropriately' by posting raunchy images of herself to social media.
'Naughty Nicola' depicts her as a dominatrix in a short red dress. it is said to grace the wall of her suburban. Glasgow home. she was given it as a birthday gift by her husband,. Peter murrell. he is the man credited with transforming the nationalist leader from surly apparatchik to national stateswoman.
Lindsay sandiford, 58, from cheltenham, is on death row in Bali for smuggling cocaine. she has accepted that she will be next to face the firing squad. her close friend, australian drugs gang leader Andrew chan, is to be shot this week along with eight other prisoners on 'execution island', nusa kambangan. she told a friend: 'if they kill someone as good as Andrew, what hope is there for me
more than 10,000 australians and new zealanders are sitting in reverence on the shores of the gallipoli peninsula. a vast sea of pilgrims from both nations have gathered at the anzac Commemorative site to mark the 100th anniversary. defence force chief mark binskin told the thousands gathered there of the horror the anzacs were confronted with. 'for so many, the rising sun that day would be their last,' he said.
a suicide bomber first attacked the convoy before militants opened fire. a colonel and two lieutenant colonels also died in the attack. the army is embroiled in a fierce battle to reconquer the western province.
geoff Whitington, 63, from Ashford, was made so sick by obesity-related type 2 diabetes that he had been told he may need a leg amputated. for years, geoff was ill, made so sick by obesity-related type 2 diabetes that he had been told he may need a leg amputated. turning round his health would mean changing habits of a lifetime of poor food choices and no exercise.
NBC's committee investigating alleged misrepresentation of reporting experiences are looking at a February 2011 interview he gave to Jon Stewart. the anchor said he'made eye contact' with a government soldier beating protesters. but there is no footage of him actually on the square during what he called the moment demonstrations 'turned sour'.
researchers said a global maker of payment devices has been using the same default password on the payment devices for more than two decades. the password, 166816, is still being used by about 90 per cent of customers. hackers would need physical access to the payment devices, opening a panel of the device using a paperclip, to exploit it.
in the latest video from the Elders react series on the finebros YouTube channel, the clueless men and women are given their first introduction to Snapchat. many of them say they understand the appeal of the social media app, but they still can't really wrap their heads around the point of it.
former prime minister said Nicola. sturgeon's answers on the issue are 'all evasion' but he said her party want 'chaos and constitutional crisis' at. parliament. he warned that those casting their vote on may 7 will decide the future of. Scotland for the next few years.
Hannah Wilson, 22, was last seen at 1am on friday. her body was found on friday in a rural area of brown county. she was struck three or four times in the back of the head with an unknown object, which was not found at the scene. she was a member of the gamma Phi beta sorority at IU. the connection between Daniel Messel, 49, and Wilson is unclear.
Isidro Garcia, 41, will stand trial on charges of kidnapping and raping a 15-year-old girl that he went on to marry and live with for a decade. authorities said the daughter of Garcia's live-in girlfriend told them he began fondling her shortly after she was brought from Mexico in 2004 to live with her mother in Santa ana. after an argument broke out at the home, the girl said, Garcia took her to a neighboring county, where
the robots were built by mechanical engineers at Stanford university in california. they are so successful they could be used in emergencies or on construction sites. robots' 'feet' are covered in tiny rubber spikes, mimicking the hairs. when pressure is applied by the robot climbing the wall the spikes bend. this increases their surface area and allows them to 'bond' to the wall.
Sergio gomez has been excavating a pre-Aztec pyramid in Teotihuacan, mexico, for six years. earlier this month he found 'large quantities' of liquid mercury in a chamber at the end of a sacred tunnel sealed for nearly 1,800 years. the toxic element could herald. what would be the first ruler's tomb ever found in Teotihuacan,. a contemporary of several ancient maya cities much
the gulf state's investment arm has bought a 64 per cent stake in hotel company coroin - which owns five-star offerings. it is not known how much the deal is worth, but some have reported it could be as much as £1.6billion. the hotels are the latest in an impressive list of high-profile acquisitions for the country.
susie Clark, of evening shade, found the 3.69-carat white diamond in a 37.5-acre search field on Thursday, her last day of a trip to the park with her husband. she prayed to God, asking, 'Are you doing to bless me and let me find a diamond today?' as she searched the field. shortly after praying, she spotted the teardrop-shaped gem sticking out of a ridge of plowed dirt.
the queen's wealth grew modestly in the last year by £10million to £340million. but her assets have been dwarfed by hundreds of financiers and businessmen. today the wealthiest 1,000 people in britain are collectively worth £547billion.
former journalist Amanda goff revealed her identity as escort Samantha x. mother-of-two said she received 'a torrent of abuse from the thinly pursed lips of apparently "better" mothers than me' the 40-year-old said her harshest critics were other mothers concerned with the 'life of misery' her children were expected to endure.
Gable tostee, 29, will remain behind bars for dangerous driving charges. he was involved in a drunken car chase with police across state lines. the 29-year-old was four times over the legal limit for drink driving. he was on bail for the alleged murder of warriena tagpuno Wright.
the woman was one of two people that had become trapped in rising waters at Zetland in Sydney's inner-east. she was helped out of the vehicle by the same police rescue squad officer on his way to work. the second round of wild weather in new south wales came after just two days of clear skies. marble-sized hailstones pummelled multiple suburbs in the city's east and west on saturday evening.
patient is being assessed in accordance with 'national risk assessment protocol' tests are being carried out at the Royal Victoria hospital, Belfast. results of the 'complex' series of tests are not expected until next week.
SBS football reporter and presenter Scott McIntyre took to social media to tweet 'inappropriate' comments on the day of the centenary services. 'the cultification of an imperialist invasion of a foreign nation that australia had no quarrel with is against all ideals of modern society,' he wrote. the tweets were met with disgust by twitter users who began the hashtag #sackScottMcIntyre.
latasha gosling, 27, and her two daughters, Janyaa, 4, and Jenika, 8, and her son landen, 7, were discovered dead early Wednesday. her partner, 23-year-old Steve O'Shaughnessy, was found dead just hours later after taking his own life. police found the six-month-old baby girl he and gosling shared alive and unharmed.
alondra luna nunez was mistakenly flown to the u.s. on April 16 after a judge ruled in favor of a Houston woman who believed she was her daughter. she was returned to her family in Mexico on Wednesday after DNA testing in the united states showed she was not the long-missing daughter of dorotea Garcia. video footage of her being taken screaming by police circulated widely and attracted national and international attention to the case.
the 4,180-passenger Anthem of the seas is royal Caribbean's second Quantum-class liner, which last week set sail on its maiden voyage. passengers have rubber wristbands fitted with electronic chips, which can be pressed against various sensors. indoor SeaPlex activity area (the largest of its kind at sea) has bumper cars, a roller disco and circus school.
Architect and photographer aims to show a clean minimalistic view of the changing city of Istanbul. he spends his time wandering around the city looking for bold, geometric buildings to photograph. the 32-year-old admits that he has to hunt around in order to find the most dramatic and colourful ones.
Josh Hamilton is going to be sent back to his former team, the Texas Rangers. the 33-year-old outfielder still has about $83million left on his five-year $125million deal. the angels would effectively be paying $68million for him to play in texas.
the 26-year-old man has been identified by the Adelaide Advertiser as Chris Blowes. he was attacked at right point on the south-western side of Fishery bay, south australia, on saturday morning. witnesses said they saw a six-metre shark swimming away with the surfer's leg and a surfboard in its jaw. the man was taken to hospital with life-threatening injuries before being airlifted to Adelaide for further treatment.
fisherman Ron ingraham, 67, got caught in huge storm on turkey day. he managed to radio for help and was rescued - but is now missing again. his ship ran aground on rocks a mile west of Hawaii's Lanai island. his sailing mate was thrown into water with him, and they were clinging to life ring. by the time he returned, there was no sign of ingraham.
sweet cakes by Melissa discriminated against Rachel bowman-cryer and her wife Laurel when they refused to make them a wedding cake. the couple held a commitment ceremony in June 2013 but the bakery refused to make them a cake because they disapprove of gay marriage for religious reasons. the bakery closed its doors in 2013 amid widespread attention to the case. the judge's ruling comes after the bowman-cryers filed a civil rights suit in the case, which has joined a national debate about anti
Xie xu met his 19-year-old classmate Zhang chi when the pair began attending school together at daxu high school in xuzhou, a large city in the northern province of Jiangsu. Zhang suffers from muscular dystrophy, a condition that weakens skeletal muscle making it very difficult for those with the disease to walk or carry their own weight. each day Xie carries Zhang from their rooms to the school, and back again, and helps him
violent robber Craig 'lazie' Lynch is serving nine years for violent gang robberies. use of computers, social media and mobile phones is strictly forbidden behind bars. but he has been free to run a sneering facebook site from his cell. according to a former friend, he is making huge profits from websites selling legal highs.
Fred pagan, 49, has worked for senator Thad cochran (r-ms) since he was 16 years old. charged with possession and intent to distribute methamphetamine and one count of importing a controlled substance. accused of buying the substances to use as payment for sexual favors.
royal Caribbean's Splendour of the seas will be transformed by Thomson. magellan, 'new flagship' of cruise & Maritime, recently christened in tilbury.
47-year-old is believed to have been attacked in woodland in pontypridd. her body was discovered with'massive injuries' around 3pm on friday. a man named locally as Christopher may, 50, has been arrested. police confirmed yesterday they had been given extra 36 hours to question suspect.
eight patients were found to be carrying carbapenemase-producing enterobacteriaceae. antibiotic-resistant bacteria can cause potentially fatal infections in the bloodstream and urine. the Zachary cope ward at the hospital is now undergoing a deep cleaning.
the 31-year-old has amassed £70 million fortune since bursting onto the scene eight years ago. he was named the 21st most powerful celebrity on Forbes magazine’s Celebrity 100.
fans used to be able to tell if they're reaching for the 'full fat' regular variety by the red lid on top. but since march the soft drink company has been putting scarlet tops on Diet Coke as well.
Ed miliband accused of 'weaponising dead migrants' in election campaign. suggested pm bore personal responsibility for drownings of refugees. senior conservatives claimed he was 'accusing the pm of murder'.
prime minister was outlining vision for black and ethnic minority communities. he said: 'this is a country where people of all faiths, all colours, creeds and backgrounds can live together in one place' he added: 'of course, i'd rather you supported westham' but he didn't correct himself until asked about gaffe afterwards.
four players from the royals and three from the white sox were punished for their roles in a series-opening brawl. six of the players drew suspensions. the Royals pitcher Yordano ventura was handed a seven-game suspension, fellow starter Edinson volquez given five games. white sox pitchers Chris sale and Jeff Samardzija were suspended five games each.
Sebastiano quagliata and his wife, valbona lucaj, pleaded no contest to owning a dangerous dog causing death in the fatal mauling last summer of Craig Sytsma. 'i'm so sorry,' lucaj told Sytsma's family. the 46-year-old was bitten some eight times by two hundred-pound cane corsos while jogging in metamora Township, 45 miles northwest
'if we knew then what we know now, we would never have awarded her,' says editor Bronwyn McCahon. the fun fearless female award is given to inspiring women in times of 'triumph and adversity'. 'thankfully she didn't win the role model category, she won the social media,' she said.
grace mann, 20, was found choked to death in her rented home last week. her roommate, Steven van der briel, 30, has been charged with murder. her parents, a judge and his wife, have paid tribute to their daughter.'she just wanted the world to be a beautiful place, a safe place and a kind place', they said.
leslie Roy, 52, and lee Marie. Wright, 56, got stuck about three miles from crisp point lighthouse in. Luce county in the upper peninsula. they had been visiting relatives in ishpeming, in another part of the peninsula, and were planning to head south. they had a reservation at a hotel in Mackinaw city but never showed up. instead, they were entombed in snow on a remote used road with eight boxes of girl s
the girl's parents are divorced, and her father accused his ex-wife of 'abusing her parental discretion' by taking her to the concert. the mother admitted to being a 'little on guard' about taking her daughter, but that the girl was 'dying to go', so the mom looked up clips of the show on YouTube and deemed them age-appropriate. but state superior court judge Lawrence Jones rejected the complaint in a 37-page decision that contained a brief history of rock
at least 18 people have died in an avalanche on mount everest sparked by a powerful 7.8 magnitude earthquake in Nepal. the avalanche buried part of base camp, raising fears for the safety of hundreds of climbers who are in the area. a number of britons are among those who have not been heard from since the quake.
reality tv star revealed he is transitioning to be a woman on 20/20 special. said he is a 'conservative' and would lobby for gay rights in the republican party. also said he still considers himself a heterosexual and is a 'christian'
deputy of disgraced former mayor appears to blame vote-rigging scandal. Oliur Rahman insisted there was deep-rooted racism in east london borough. he said: 'if people say there is no racism in tower hamlets, then they are very much mistaken because there is institutional racism'
police officers Samuel kvarzell, Markus asberg, Eric jansberger and Erik naslund halted a fight between two homeless men on the subway this week. a video of the selfless act then surfaced and gained them attention from hoards of fans, both male and female. officials from the u.s. and Sweden have praised their brave efforts and they are set to return home as heroes.
steelcase's the brody workLounge is an effort to preserve the privacy and less distractions given in a cubicle while still being a part of an open office work community. the brody, which will be available late august starting at $2,700, sort of resembles both a desk and an office. it features an LED task light, privacy screen, foot rest, storage space and personal adjustable work surface.
Steven Davis, 57, believes his sister, debra, was murdered in 1981. jury returned 'no finding' in the case, despite a $65 million budget. 'everybody seems to be profiting off it,' says mr Davis. 'it's sad for the movie industry, it's sad for the actors', he adds.
many in the record crowd of 30,000 took to twitter to express their anger. a contractor is believed to have been responsible for turning the music on. a spokesperson for the Ivy said the company was 'deeply upset' by the incident.
Merkel demands a new eu system that distributes asylum-seekers to member states. the call comes as Europe struggles with the growing refugee crisis. hundreds have died trying to get from northern africa to italy in recent days.
bus ploughed into the engine of a passenger jet at busy airport in uzbekistan. it's the second time in six months two planes have collided at airport. passengers were delayed for hours after two planes clipped wings at Dublin.
children are more likely to engage in risky behaviour when those looking after them are distracted by texting or talking on the phone, a new study has found. researchers observed randomly selected parents with children aged between 18 months and five years at playgrounds in new york. they measured factors such as the adult’s level of engagement with the child and how distracted they seemed.
teenager in india's northern city of shimla gave a monkey the middle finger. the monkey then reared its fangs and threw itself at the teenager. landed with its feet directly in his face, sending him sprawled on his back.
kangaroos live like cats and dogs, grow up learning how to hop, let their owners give them regular baths, sneak into the kitchen for snacks, take naps and mingle with other pets. 'crash' was thrown from his mother's pouch when she was hit by a car.
Peter Moore, 47, received letter from HM revenue and customs last week. apologised for family's'recent bereavement' and added officials needed to sort out whether he had paid enough - or too much - tax. pottery factory worker from Stoke-on-trent demands apology from government.
Bulgarians love their traditional music, and have a tv channel devoted to it. practically every village in the mountains has at least one choir. the end of communism did not appear to have resulted in a dramatic increase in consumer choice.
on friday, the 52-year-old libertarian lawmaker from Kentucky shared a Snapchat video of himself learning how to play poker from the infamous 'King of Instagram' Dan Blizerian. in the 10-second video, the two men sit at a table opposite one another with money fans in their hands, playing what appears to be Liar's Poker. the goal of the game is to bluff the opponents into believing that your bid does not exceed the combined sum of all of the serial numbers
a man identified as 24-year-old Felix David was shot by police. he was being arrested at a facility for mentally ill people in the east village. witnesses said he grabbed an officer's radio and hit him over the head.
the two members of the navy's elite sea, air, land teams were found at the bottom of the pool by another service member around 3pm local time. the names of the SEALS were withheld pending notification of next of kin.
married teacher Paul shorter had a series of liaisons with the schoolgirl. the 31-year-old kissed her after class and groped her in his car. he admitted two counts of sexual activity with a child and one count of sexual activity with a child by a person in a position of trust.
Linda Thompson, now 64, met Bruce at the playboy mansion when he was separated from his first wife, the mother of his two eldest children. they fell in love and got married in Hawaii when she was already pregnant with their first son, Brandon. a few years later they welcomed a second son together, Brody. when Brody was 18 months old and Brandon was three, Bruce revealed to Linda that he identified as a woman.
gareth bale heads the list of those who have spent time in anywhere between the second and fourth tier of english football. he is joined by seven current barclays premier league players as well as three outfielders and a manager still plugging away in the football league.
left back Luke Shaw admits he has struggled to cope with demands of playing for manchester united. the 19-year-old has started seeing a psychologist in recent weeks. 'coming to the biggest club in the world hasn't been easy for me,' he said.
1st lt michael alonso and 1st lt lantz balthazar have been charged in cases stemming from an investigation that led to the disclosure last year of a separate exam-cheating scandal. one of their fellow missile officers pleaded guilty to illegal drug use in January and was kicked out of the service.
Colin shearing, 70, flew across the channel to avoid being jailed for attack. he was convicted of indecent assault and sentenced to three years in jail. judge said he showed 'absolutely no remorse' for what he had done.
audley square house will contain five townhouses, three penthouses, a mews home and 21 more luxury flats. owner of phones4u, John Caudwell, plans to knock down multi-storey garage in mayfair, central london. the complex's communal facilities will include a 15-metre swimming pool, gym, spa and cinema.
the royal family led tributes to those who fought and fell in the ill-fated offensive. the queen led the nation during a ceremony at the cenotaph in whitehall. princes Charles and Harry joined more than 10,000 people in a dawn pilgrimage at gallipoli to honour the bravery of the allied troops.
Genti rustemi, 45, drove over the crossing point without slowing down. grandfather, 79, was ushering two 12-year-old girls across the road. to show his disapproval, he tapped his lollipop stick on the roof. but minutes later he returned in a fit of temper and attacked the lollipop man. he threw a punch towards his face but failed to connect but knocked off his glasses. he then punched
Rebecca rice, 16, struggled with nerves ahead of her french GCSE oral exam. she told her teacher that the only thing that made her feel comfortable was her 11-year-old dog Holly. teacher Lorette esteve advised her to bring her pet into the exam.
Craig Bryson opened the scoring for the hosts after just three minutes. Tom Ince doubled the lead in the 28th minute with a deflected effort. emmanuel bent doubled the lead in the 29th minute with a penalty.
married mother-of-two sian harkin, 54, abused her position of authority. signed cheques totalling £30,000 to her builder claiming work was to be carried out at Llwyncelyn primary school in porth, wales. work was actually carried out at her home in Pontypridd, which she shares with her bank manager husband and their two children.
Freddie sears opened the scoring for ipswich in the eighth minute. daryl Murphy doubled their lead in the 90th minute with a header. sammy ameobi came off the bench to make it 2-1 in the second half.
west brom chairman Jeremy peace is open to offers for the club. owner wants between £150million and £200million for the baggies. owner set a June deadline to seal any deal for the club. but chairman says any takeover will not drag on.
Jeremy peace is hoping to sell west brom for between £150million and £200m. he has set a July deadline to complete any deal so it does not drag out and hamper their summer transfer plans. the baggies are 13th in the barclays premier league.
Brendan rodgers has spent more than £200m since taking over at liverpool. but a trophy drought is beginning to develop at the etihad stadium. manchester united and chelsea have won two trophies under rodgers. arsene wenger has spent £183m, comparatively little, but won two trophies.
capital one yesterday became the first provider to scrap its cashback offer. comes after announcement of an EU cap limiting fees retailers can be charged for processing payments. financial experts believe other firms are likely to follow suit.
visitors who venture onto or too close to north sentinel island risk being attacked by members of a mysterious tribe. the indigenous tribe have rejected modern civilisation and prefer to have zero contact with the outside world. they have been known to fire arrows and fling rocks at low-flying planes or helicopters on reconnaissance missions.
single mother Adriana alvarez, 22, has revealed what it's really like to live on McDonald's wages, where she makes only $10.50 an hour. even with assistance from food stamps, Medicaid, and a child care subsidy, she is barely getting by, despite having worked for the fast food chain for five years. alvarez is a leader with. Fight for $15, an international movement to raise minimum wage laws and. acquire the right to unionize. she said her pay used
Edward Moore was working at king edward's school in witley, surrey. he had consensual sex with 16-year-old student in his office, court heard. after incident, 24-year-old said to student: 'you will hate me one day' he was jailed for nine months after admitting two counts of abusing position of trust.
Bristol city became the first side in the football league to win promotion. the Robins reached 92 points with their 27th league victory of the season. James Tavernier scored a brace and further goals from Joe Bryan, Luke Ayling, aden Flint and Aaron Wilbraham.
scientists in Colorado have found evidence for a new solar season cycle. every two years it appears 'bands' of magnetic field move to the surface. this combines with the existing 11-year solar cycle, causing even more powerful coronal mass ejections (cmes) and solar flares that can endanger Earth.
trials show drug gives women around four months' extra life. drug plus chemotherapy has now been licensed by european regulators. patients will have access via the cancer drugs fund until it is considered for routine NHS use.
doctor tried to deliver baby using forceps in 'unorthodox and unacceptable' way. senior managers tried to remove fact that forceps had been used from account. report will come as a blow to the hospital, which has just been taken out of ‘special measures’.
Dina amos-larkin, 21, was attending four-day sports festival in salou, spain. she fell from fourth floor balcony while talking to her mother on phone. law student was in medically-induced coma for two weeks and was told of injuries when she was brought round a week ago.
Philip Gigante's grandfather was head of the Genovese crime family. he was elected into the positions by residents of airmont, new york. he hopes his 'achievements and accomplishments' are what constituents notice.
man ordered computer equipment to be delivered from Griffith university in Brisbane’s south to a parcel locker at Sunnybank. the package was picked up from the sender in Nathan, Queensland. it was then sent 934kms to an australia post facility in nsw. the next day it was sent all the way back to Queensland. it finally made it to Sunnybank on Thursday, April 23, at 10:02am.
protein world's billboard campaign features a svelte bikini-clad model. the company is facing a massive backlash over its billboard campaign. campaigners launched a scathing attack on the company three weeks ago.
Tony hunt's daughter's ginger tom was hit by a police car near his home. officers knocked on a neighbour's door and asked for a black bin bag. witness then described seeing them'scooping Harry up and placing him in the bag in the boot of the car' mr hunt, from Normanton in Derby, said he was left 'absolutely disgusted' by the incident.
the storm rolled through the area about 4 p.m. and a man was plucked from the waters by the coast guard around 9 p.m. crews searched late on Saturday for at least four people missing in the waters. more than 100 sailboats and as many as 200 people were participating in the Dauphin island regatta in mobile bay.
moving nuclear deterrent to the territory could cost £3billion and take 10 years. the SNP want to eject Trident from Scotland, but both the tories and labour have committed to retaining the base on the Clyde. a senior military source said ministry of defence officials have sounded out gibraltar as an alternative to the naval base on the Clyde.
the 33-year-old royal's baby is expected before the end of April. due date initially reported as yesterday, but later claimed to be as early as Wednesday. source said: 'doctors don't normally wait more than a week'
planners in royal borough allow two Costa cafes less than 500 yards apart. latest shop will open on site of former dedworth road HSBC branch. less than 500 yards away is a Costa which replaced a cycle shop earlier this year.
the 77-year-old wrote letters from his bed at psychiatric hospital in merseyside. said he is a ukip supporter and thinks david dimbleby is an 'establishment dumpling' comes four months after he wrote letter to a channel 5 news correspondent. in it, he expressed no remorse for killings and complained he is 'bedridden'
video shows al-Qaeda linked jihadists entering northwestern city of Jisr al-Shughour. narrated by a young man who has travelled from the uk to join the fight in Syria. he speaks with a british accent as he narrates the eight-minute video. 'this region has been freed and the oppression has been lifted,' he says. just hours after the video was filmed, more than a dozen air
fashion designer max azria's sprawling los angeles mansion is on the market with a whopping $85million price tag. visitors to the sprawling home are first greeted by a floor-to-ceiling waterfall chandelier made up of 150,000 crystals. the home is spread across three acres in one of the three affluent neighborhoods that makes up the city's 'Platinum Triangle'
former army colonel Perry clawson set up camp outside frat house in florida. said frat members had 'p***** off' servicemen with their actions. one injured veteran said frat members spat on him and his service dog.
former FBI director louis freeh was involved in a near-death car crash last summer near his summer home in barnard, vt. he lost control of his vehicle and crashed head-on into a tree. the 64-year-old severed an artery in one of his legs and would have bled to death in just 60 seconds if it weren't for the quick response from paramedics and an FBI agent on the scene. it's believed that freeh fell asleep
Simon wood, 38, from oldham won masterchef last friday. everything he knows about cooking is self-taught. sharpens his skills by practising on his four children. they get fancy stuff in their lunchboxes when he's practising.
new guidelines urge GPs to draw up end-of-life plans for over-75s. they are also being told to ask whether patient wants doctors to try to resuscitate them if their health suddenly deteriorates. but medical professionals say it is 'blatantly wrong' and will frighten the elderly into thinking they are being 'written off'
London mayor launched a furious personal assault on his rival on live tv. their encounter quickly descended into a furious shouting match. but he ended up laughing off the attack, saying: 'come on, you're better than that'
Tayler buzbee was forced to make an emergency appointment at an aspen dental facility in Alabama on friday morning after developing agonizing toothache. but after calling the office, she was informed that the only available appointment was in just 20 minutes - meaning that she had no time to find a babysitter. instead, she was assured by employees that she could bring her baby to the facility. midway through the appointment, her son, attley, started to create a fuss. the hy
272 youngsters left disabled by foetal alcohol syndrome hospitalised in england. number affected by their mother's drinking could be far greater, experts warn. at least one in 100 babies could suffer learning, behavioural and physical problems because of exposure to alcohol in the womb, according to the world health organisation.
a new video created by Oprah Winfrey's OWN TV, reveals just what's happening in a child's mind when they become angry. the video is described as showing that 'you're never too old, or too young, to discover mindfulness and let anger go'
three women jailed for twerking in front of wwii memorial in southern russia. two of the dancers were jailed for ten days and a third for 15 days. two others escaped with fines, while sixth dancer escaped punishment. video was posted by dancers to attract new recruits to their school.
estate agents in london are offering a higher 'cameron price' and lower 'ed miliband price' for the same property. labour leader has pledged to introduce an annual levy on homes worth more than £2million. homeowners with properties worth between £2million and £3million will be forced to pay £3,000 a year in mansion tax.
new broadcasting house in central london covers half a million square feet. it took a decade to build and was opened by the queen in 2013. corporation has admitted it 'occasionally' runs out of meeting rooms. it spent £47,198 on booking external spaces nearby during last financial year. venues include de vere's west one business centre and the langham hotel.
anti-ageing expert, dr alex zhavoronkov, believes medical advances and knowledge of lifestyles will lead to a far longer life expectancy than has been seen to date. he is following a strict regime of regular exercise combined with drugs and supplements and regular health checks. he also makes sure he is administered with vaccines as soon as they are available.
Adele McKenzie was set to marry her partner of nine years, David Elliot, when she was devastated to learn the bridal company she had paid $1,000 to for her dress had closed down. 'i had dreamt about this princess dress since I was a little girl,' she said. the 31-year-old organised a payment plan with 'the bridal centre' and planned to pay off her dress by July. in early April, Ms McKenzie opened an email from the bridal company that said
university of bristol researchers quizzed 40 heterosexual male and female students. found 'one large glass of wine' increases 'facial flushing' and 'confidence' too much booze leads to 'excessive and unattractive' changes in facial expressions.
Eligah Christian, 49, took off when police tried to pull him over. he was being sought on a $100,000 warrant on charges of scheming to defraud, 15 counts of theft and 21 counts of issuing bad checks. police deployed spike strips to stop the motorhome, but the vehicle struck patrol cars as the suspect tried turning around.
David Cameron will put small business at the heart of election campaign. he will appeal to small firms and the self-employed, saying while labour sneers at those who work hard, his party backs them. yesterday, Mr Cameron defended campaign against criticism it is too narrow.
average Briton eats four servings of cheese a week. three in ten office workers tuck into cheese sandwiches for lunch. 80% of us choose cheddar over fancier varieties like french Brie.
ESPN's first take anchor Stephen a. Smith has once again taken a controversial stance on domestic violence. he claimed that boxer Floyd mayweather's boxing career should be looked at separate from his domestic violence history. co-host cari champion disagreed with his stance because she was a woman and'should feel that way' nine months after he received a one-week suspension for claiming women can play a role in provoking men into violence.
Sharon and michael Tierney set aside an evening per month for mutual grooming. Sharon trims her husband's eyebrows, waxes his nostrils and trims his pubic hairs. while michael can wax her underarms, legs, upper lip and chin, and can even perform a Brazilian wax.
12 per cent of people think baby should be named after late princess of wales. Alice and Charlotte were next in terms of preference, getting nine per cent each. if the child is a boy then 13 per cent would like him to be called James.
prime minister said the Scottish national party would prop up a minority labour administration in the hope that the government would be a 'disaster'. warnings came as polls indicated the general election race was still neck and neck. a survation poll put the conservatives three points ahead on 33 per cent.
broccoli chemical sulforaphane blocks inflammation and damage to cartilage. but patients would have to eat several pounds of vegetable every day. sulforaphane in its natural form is too unstable to turn into a medicine.
nurses spent their day off doing Hurd's nails, makeup and hair, getting music and a cake, and decorating her room with streamers and balloons. the teen was hospitalized on Monday with what was initially thought to be a stomach bug that turned into sepsis. the sepsis attacked the teen's muscles and her heart, and she has not been able to leave the hospital since.
five customers reported having 'thermal incidents' with their cars. holden issued a stop delivery notice to dealers and urged owners of the Holden Colorado- SUV or ute- to have their cars checked out immediately. this latest safety issue makes holden the most recalled car brand in 2015.
Zoe o'connell, 37, is standing for the lib dems in maldon, east london. she lives in a three-way lesbian relationship with her two canvassers. Sarah brown and Sylvia knight were once a straight married couple.
the 41-year-old mother-of-two has won the marathon three times. she will run with the masses to bring down the curtain on her professional career. 'i'm going in unfit and unprepared for a marathon, but I'm hoping my body can remember once it gets out there how it's supposed to do it,' she said.
oil painting was kept in an attic for years and thought to be worth just £300. it was acquired by the owner's late father in the 1970s for very little. he believed it was a depiction of saint peter, who shares his name. it was inherited by his son, who kept it in his loft for the past eight years. auctioneer gave it an estimated value of between £300 and £400. but the selling price suggests it may have been done by the artist himself
the protein world ad features a bikini-clad Renee next to text reading 'are you beach body ready?' the sight of the 24-year-old's curves has caused a stir among feminists and body image campaigners. one critic of the ad has inspired her own hashtag #growupharriet.
red is a colour that radiates energy and sexiness. but it can all be wrecked if the style doesn’t suit you. we asked Kate battersby to try six looks to see which work.
the legendary physicist was speaking at the Sydney opera house as a 3d hologram from his physical location at Cambridge university in the UK. a questioner asked him: 'what do you think is the cosmological effect of Zayn leaving one direction and consequently breaking the hearts of millions of teenage girls?' he happily tackled the conundrum and came up with an explanation that would satisfy every One Direction fan.
Intrepid travel have decided not to take any more bookings to Nepal until may 11. those who are planning on travelling out before this date have been offered a full refund or alternative trip. british foreign office has advised tourists to follow local advice.
a cop in strongsville, ohio cited a woman for leaving her dog locked inside her hot car. instead of writing a ticket, the officer had the woman sit inside with the windows up and ignition off. this isn't the first time an animal-loving officer has employed the unorthodox punishment.
police say ex-husband killed his ex-wife, 35-year-old Linda Watson, during a 2000 custody dispute over their daughter. police say the dispute continued after Watson's murder as her mother Marilyn cox, 63, tried to obtain visitation rights over the girl. three years after her daughter went missing, cox and neighbor Renee farnsworth, 53, were shot dead in the driveway of Linda Watson's home. Watson has been charged in all three homicides, with police
three-year-old orphaned chimp found cowering in a wooden box. she had been kept alive by illegal animal traders who killed her mother. men had been trying to find a buyer for her on the lucrative black market. they were caught during a joint operation by the Guinea ministry of environment, the gendarmerie and the Guinée-Application de la loi Faunique (GALF) project.
'la dolce vita' couple chose the city of marble palaces, ancient churches, canals and waterways for their wedding celebrations. over the course of the weekend, they stayed at some of the city's most exclusive venues. guests can try two cocktails that George created with head barman Walter Bolzonella – ‘Nina’s Passion’ and ‘Buonanotte’.
a man driving to work in Alabama suddenly noticed his stolen pickup truck following him last week. that set off a chain of events that included a deputy's pursuit, a crash, and an arrest. the truck was stolen from the victim his birthday.
the pm was giving a campaign speech in south London when he made the gaffe. he joked that everyone should back his team – but then named westham instead. he said he had been 'overcome by something', adding: 'it was just one of those things'
Nicola sturgeon says Ed miliband will 'change his tune' after election. insists he simply 'won't have the votes to say he is going to do what he likes' comes after he said he would never do a deal with the snp. labour leader has repeatedly insisted he would not do any deals with the snp. he told the Andrew marr show: 'i am not interested in deals, no'
Freddie weighed just 2lbs when he was born by emergency caesarean section while on holiday in Benidorm, spain. his mother, Karla, 29, said she thought she was going to die when she suddenly went into labour 12 weeks prematurely. she and her partner, 21-year-old soldier Jordan Jackson, have been told they will have to stay in Spain for at least three months while he builds up his strength. but he is meant to report back for service tomorrow.
film crew were off new Zealand's Stewart island when they attempted to put a camera on the dorsal fin of the massive ocean predator. the two men that can be seen on the boat are shark experts Jeff Kurr and Andy Casagrande. they can be seen panicking as the great white uses it's strong jaws and tail to shake the boat, causing it to sway dangerously.
James Holmes, 27, studied brain disorders as a doctoral student before he killed 12 people and injured 70 more in one of america's deadliest mass shootings. the prosecution is trying to prove that Holmes was not mentally ill and knew exactly what he was doing the night of the shooting. if the 12 final jurors, chosen from a pool of 9,000, decide that Holmes was mentally ill at the time of the shooting, he will be committed indefinitely to a state psychia
Suzanne Evans said she will step in if leader is forced to quit due to ill health. but she played down the recurring spinal injury and said he has her support. he has also pledged to be 'gone within 10 minutes' if he fails to win election.
made in chelsea star has been collecting watches since his teens. most expensive watch is a £32,000 cartier white gold moonphase. flashiest watch is a £6,500 secondhand Bulgari Bulgari Chrono 42.
surfer Chris Blowes is fighting for his life after being mauled by a great white shark in south australia. the 26-year-old is in a critical condition at the royal Adelaide hospital. he was attacked at 9.45am on saturday near right point on the south-western side of Fishery bay in port Lincoln national park. the shark swam away with the surfer's leg and a surfboard in its jaw.
defiant pm vows to carry on warning about labour's threat to the economy. he told supporters in Somerset: 'if you want political excitement, go to Greece. if you want more showbiz in this election. go to Hollywood' comes amid claims senior tory figures are already planning to make boris Johnson the next leader.
veteran presenter blames presenters' obsession with discussing sex appeal of pop stars for slump in ratings. 66-year-old blamed the presenters' obsession with discussing the sex appeal of pop stars for a slump in ratings. he said the show has become an extension of its presenter's personality rather than an objective programme.
the FBI is investigating and security is being increased at other airports in southern California because of a 'known threat' to LAX. officials found out earlier that ISIS called for attacks on uniformed personnel as part of a possible terror plot. the tsa alerted local law enforcement agencies responsible for security at the other airports, although the possible threat was not necessarily related to aviation.
marble-sized hailstones, some up to 2cm in diameter pounded multiple suburbs in the city's east and west on saturday. the freak weather could be explained by constantly changing atmospheric conditions and bursts of ice-cold air. according to CSIRO, research scientist Michael grose, Saturday's storm was the result of an east coast low, which is also known as an extratropical cyclone.
shadow business secretary said farage had 'a problem with race' comes after remarks last week about 'fully black' and 'half black' supporters. came after far-right supporters turned up to campaign for him in south Thanet.
your hands give clues to what is sometimes called ‘brain sex’ — the way your brain reflects your gender. according to popular mythology, men tend to be more obsessed by things such as cars and obscure facts. women are said to be better at empathy and understanding what another person is feeling or needs.
more than 1,000 twitchers lined the water's edge to catch a glimpse of the bird. the shorebird is believed to have made a 4,000 mile detour from south america. it is now inhabiting the same space as its english counterparts, the black tailed godwit, at the Shapwick heath, in Somerset.
Massimo vian, one of the heads of luxeottica, said that his team was looking to improve on the Internet-connected device. he did not give any details about a proposed launch date for the second version. new versions of google glass are thought to aim at a lower cost, longer battery life and improved sound quality.
more than 1,000 passengers formed a haphazard 1km-long queue outside the nearby airport in a desperate attempt to flee the stricken city. crowds had started to form outside the building as darkness fell on saturday night. many visitors had already booked return journeys but crowded outside the airport in the hope of boarding the next available flight.
Danny Nickerson, 6, of massachusetts, was diagnosed with an inoperable brain tumor in October 2013 and fought through 33 radiation treatments. last summer, his request for a 'box of cards' for his sixth birthday went viral and he received more than 150,000 cards from around the world. on friday, his mother, carley, said her 'precious sweet boy earned his angel wings' after a 'courageous 18-month battle'
the monuments of Kathmandu, the capital of Nepal, are recognised as a UNESCO World Heritage site. but several of the most recognisable buildings in the city, including towers and temples, now lie in rubble. more than 2,500 people died in the quake as buildings collapsed raining down debris on the streets below.
abby Lubiewski was born with hallerman-Streiff, a rare genetic syndrome that resulted in congenital cataracts. she can only perceive light and dark when she's not wearing her specs. when her mother Amanda received her daughter's photographs, she immediately saw that her child's smile was strained. she said it was because Abby 'couldn't see'
in ancient times, the word 'lesbian' meant a woman performing an intimate sex act on a man. former Apprentice star Margaret mountford will reveal that the island was the magaluf of its day, and a capital for sex tourism.
Chelsea bruck, 22, was last seen in frenchtown, michigan, on october 26. she was dressed as poison ivy at a party and was wearing a purple wig. her naked body was found on a 13-acre property near train tracks on friday. medical examiner used dental records to confirm the body is hers.
50 earthquake scientists from the world met in the capital to discuss how the area would cope with such disaster. but experts claim its shoddy infrastructure and poor building standards make the country less equipped to deal with the aftermath of major incidents. on sunday evening the death toll had crept up to 2,500 people across four countries, with hundreds still missing.
two-year-old Tommy's mother and father are regularly stopped by people. they want to have their photograph taken with the prince's lookalike. she first noticed similarities when prince was christened in October 2013.
Grimes cottage is a heritage-listed 1830s Colonial Georgian residence with three storeys and six bedrooms. built by whaling captain George Grimes who constructed a row of early 1840s terraces depicted in artist conrad marten’s work in 1843. the 416sqm inner city block property has a large northerly garden with footsteps down to the heart of the historical area of the rocks. only one of two freestanding properties in the new south w
Sarah, 36, and mark Brennan, 35, from south wales never gave up hope. they were told they'd never conceive naturally. yet last september they defied doctors to have daughter, eryn. she was born seven weeks early, weighing just 3lb 11oz.
40,000 people kidnapped at gunpoint by ISIS fighters last summer. they have been held as sex slaves and forced to convert to islam. some have returned after falling pregnant by their captors. now, doctors in Kurdistan are allegedly performing illegal abortions. they are also performing secret surgeries to'reverse loss of virginity'
a second person is dead after a body was found in Alabama waters following a powerful storm that capsized several sailboats on saturday. authorities also said crews still are searching for five people missing in the water following the dauphin island regatta on saturday. not all of the missing people were participating in the 57th annual regatta, according to authorities.
mara Jose. Carrascosa, 49, was paroled last year after moving her daughter, then 5, to. Spain when the girl's father was granted custody. once paroled, Carrascosa was taken to the. Bergen County Jail for contempt of court for violating a court order to bring the child back. she defiantly refused to bring her daughter back to the united states and thus remained jailed nearly nine years.
service at st paul's cathedral in london will mark 200th anniversary of battle. invitations advise guests not to act in a 'triumphalist' way to upset the french. but last night the move was criticised by politicians, who said it 'took political correctness to an absurd new degree'
glamour model Anais Zanotti, 30, has modelled for magazines like playboy. the french-born model moved to the u.s. to become a bikini model. she has had 1,350 dives and is now an instructor, teaching other junkies.
18 paintings were taken from property investor, Peter O'mara's darling point home. police executed a search warrant on a Wiley park property three years ago. the works along with three stolen luxury cars were found. works were delivered to the art gallery of new south Wales.
a new report claims Ivan milat could have been caught before he murdered seven backpackers. if the 'wrong man' had not been jailed for his first crime, the murderous serial killer's victims could have been saved, the report claims. Ivan milat shot and paralysed a taxi driver in 1962, more then 25 years before he went on a backpacker killing spree.
Joshua burns was sentenced to three years' probation with the first served in livingston county jail for second-degree child abuse earlier this month. his daughter Naomi suffered several injuries, including seizures, hypothermia, hypotension, bradycardia, apnea and retinal hemorrhages. he claims he was trying to save her from hitting her head on a coffee table. his wife, Brenda burns, has refused to allow social workers and the department of human services to see
football reporter Scott McIntyre condemned the commemoration of ANZAC day on twitter yesterday. he also accused australian diggers of committing war crimes which included 'widespread rape and theft'. in a joint statement, SBS Managing Director Michael ebeid and Director of sport, Ken shipp said McIntyre's comments have 'caused his on-air position at SBS to become untenable'.
megan sheehan, of San Francisco, was arrested and booked at the Santa Rita Jail for suspicion of resisting arrest, battery on a police officer and public intoxication on st. patrick's day of 2014. security and body camera footage shows two officers grab sheehan's arms and slam her to the ground. she suffered severe facial injuries and was left bloodied, lying on the ground after the incident. sheehan claims that camera footage of bay area rapid transit officers and
Marsha Yumi Perry, 36, was arrested on Friday after allegedly striking a five-year-old boy with her truck. the boy suffered a cut to his face as well as scrapes to his knees and elbows, and was taken to peacehealth southwest medical center in Vancouver. police said she hid herself from officers by crawling into a hole and covering herself with dirt. the scent of her was tracked through a field by a washougal police dog, who stopped within five feet of the
bill spedding, 63, has been charged with five counts of child sexual assault and two counts of common assault. the washing machine repairman was named as a person of interest in the disappearance of three-year-old William Tyrrell. he was living with three young boys at the time the toddler vanished - despite allegations he raped two young girls in 1987. the mother of the boys, who cannot be named, was shocked to discover that the children had been living with a man accused of
four-year-old boy had his toy gun confiscated at east Midlands airport. security officers demanded he hand it over and patted down the child. father Phil Hayward branded the security checks 'ludicrous' and 'over-zealous'
phone records from the early 2000s show direct contact between north Caucasus separatists and us secret services. 'at one point our secret services detected direct contacts between militants from the north Caucasus and representatives of the united states secret services in azerbaijan,' Putin said. he said he raised the issue with then-us president g.w. bush, who promised to 'kick the ass' of the intelligence officers in question.
Robin barton was just four hours old when his mother abandoned him behind a garbage dumpster in orange county, california. now-retired police officer michael buelna found him and at first thought it was a cat, but after moving some trash he discovered barton's infant body. the two met for the first time since the incident last week and embraced.
Katia apalategui's mother coped with loss of husband by clinging to pillow. this inspired her to think of more permanent way to capture a person's scent. the 52-year-old french insurance saleswoman's product will provide 'olfactory comfort' to customers.
Cecily strong hosted the white house correspondents' dinner on saturday night. she poked fun at the president's inner circle and assembled media. one of her best jokes poked fun at both the president and police brutality.
millions of years of erosion, explosions and a touch of folklore form the narrative behind some of the most unbelievable sights in the world. from sweeping curves of Arizona's The wave in the u.s. to the fairy chimneys of turkey's cappadocia, the simple flow of water over stone has created some remarkable features. many of them are incredible natural deceptions, such as yellowstone national park's grand prismatic spring.
lebron james hit a one-handed shot, which traveled almost the entire length of the 94-foot court, on saturday. during a break in the action, James decided to practice his long-range shooting. just before the full-court shot went through the hoop, 'king james' could be heard saying: 'give me my money' after the video began to spread via social media,'superman' dwight Howard of the houston rockets
a survation poll for the mail on sunday has shown a swing towards the tories. the poll suggests david Cameron is pulling ahead of labour. fears of a Nicola sturgeon-led coalition are pushing voters towards the tories.
hippopotamus tries to scare off three-year-old lions in the depths of Zimbabwe's Hwange national park. however, as the lions continue to prowl, the large mammal abruptly turns around and charges towards the two predators. the dramatic altercation was caught on camera by researcher Brent stapelkamp, who has studied lions for years.
courtney was just 19 when diagnosed with the same disease that killed her 23-year-old brother Jordan seven years ago. despite chemotherapy and a kidney removal, her kidney cancer - which is so rare it does not have a name - returned when she became pregnant in 2009. she had planned to marry childhood sweetheart Billy Webb in seven months' time. but doctors have advised her to bring the event forward because of her worsening condition. the family hope to raise £20,000 so the event in a
police were called to a home in bear, delaware, early on Thursday morning. they found 37-year-old Adeyinka Adebamiro unconscious in a bedroom. he had a stab wound to his upper body and his wife in bloody clothes. he was pronounced dead about an hour later and his death was ruled a homicide.
Jeremy Clarkson was seen laughing with a traffic warden in west london. warden recognized the former top gear host and the pair chatted. he then appeared to walk away without leaving a ticket on his borrowed car. the 55-year-old was also seen cheering on Chelsea as they drew 0-0.
Christian trousedale, 18, walked the elderly man to his front door. his act of kindness was seen by Samantha-jayne Brady, who stopped them to take a picture which she then posted on facebook. the picture has been 'liked' a quarter of a million times and shared by 70,000 people.
protesters threw objects at cars, kicked windshields, smashed windows and threw a flaming trash can at police in riot gear. violence continued into the evening, with reports of looting and smashing of shop windows despite commissioner's order for protesters to disperse. protesters had gathered around 2,000 people in a peaceful rally earlier in the day, demanding answers in the case of Freddie gray. the 25-year-old black man died in police custody last
man in his 20s was trapped under the weight of the red car in southam. he suffered head and chest injuries and suspected leg fractures. firefighters spent 25 minutes trying to free the man from the wreckage.
Sandie konopelski of Shiloh, Illinois, was struck by a westbound commuter train on the tracks between Swansea and belleville on friday morning. she died of blunt-force trauma and was pronounced dead at the scene after responding to the alert about an opossum on the tracks. the 58-year-old was licensed by the Illinois department of natural resources as a wildlife rehabilitator.
a young man thought to be an Adelaide power fan taunted coach alastair Clarkson as he made his way back to his hotel room. it appears the video was captured by a friend of the young man and it's understood the pair had been goading Clarkson in the lead-up to the confrontation. the incident took place in the hours after the hawthorn Hawks' narrow eight-point loss to port Adelaide on Saturday night.
Jamie Robbins stole £1,600 from select 'n' save shop in Kings Norton, britain. the case was not solved until 35-year-old handed himself into police. he was jailed for four-and-a-half years after pleading guilty to robbery. judge described the events as 'unusual' as inquiry had stopped.
Amira abase, 15, left east london with two other 'jihadi brides' in february. now, nearly two months after leaving, she has tweeted from isis. tweet shows her enjoying a Western-style takeaway dinner. 'dawla' is another name for the Islamic state, also known as Isis. 'uh wanna behead some kafirs [non-muslims] now,' her dinner companion tweeted
'i've given it a lot of thought and have decided to go for it,' he said. comes after he won a high court victory to kick out crooked mayor. last week he led four ordinary voters to have Lutfur Rahman unseated. he was found guilty of rigging his election by a systematic campaign to steal votes.
Tracey woodford, 47, found dismembered in flat in pontypridd, south wales. her family have described her as'very kind-hearted' and'selfless'. Christopher may, 50, will appear at pontypridd magistrates' court tomorrow.
first-time buyers will pay no stamp duty on properties worth up to £300,000. they will also have priority in the sale of new homes under a labour government. labour claims its tax break would save first-time buyers up to £5,000 in tax.
tycoon claims visitors to his manor have felt a bed vibrate and a ghost brushing past them on the stairs. he believes the ghostly goings-on are being caused by the spirit of a little boy who died in the 17th century conflict. the businessman sold off phones4u in 2006 for £1.4billion.
Maura pally, acting ceo of the foundation, apologized for'mistakes'. said it had'mistakenly combined' government grants and donations. said money received from a donor when he was selling his uranium company to a Russian state agency could not be disclosed under canada law. a government watchdog said the foundation seemed like a'slush fund'.
Lord Janner is alleged to have sexually assaulted young boys in 1970s and 1980s. 86-year-old will not face child abuse charges because of his memory problems. but he could still face civil action from complainants, a lawyer has said. legal firm are representing several people looking to take private action. police have identified 25 people who say the peer attacked them.
the two-hour documentary follows a canalboat as it pootles along at 4mph. there is no presenter, narrator, dialogue or music in the documentary. the full two hours is shot continuously from a single camera on the front of the boat.
the former made in Chelsea star has joined forces with animal rights crusaders PETA on a hard-hitting anti-fur campaign directed at Harvey Nichols. the national department store abandoned its ten-year anti-fur policy last year. 'harvey nichols: here's the rest of your fur coat,' the slogan reads, alongside an image of the 26-year-old animal lover, who is brandishing what appears to be a skinned fox
PC Luke Stanwick, 30, was on holiday in Portugal with his family. he broke his neck and was left paralysed from the waist down. he is fighting for his life in a medically-induced coma. his family say he may never walk again after the 'horrendous' accident.
labour's plans to cap rents are 'economically illiterate', experts warn. they will slash investment in new housing, leading to more tenants being evicted by their landlords, they say. but housing experts, business and even labour figures warn they will backfire.
more than 72,000 camp inmates and prisoners of war died at the camp. survivors gathered at the site to mark the 70th anniversary of its liberation. german president said the soldiers were 'ambassadors of a democratic culture'
G36 is inaccurate by up to 20 feet at long range when temperatures top 30c. weapon also becomes unreliable when left in direct sunlight or fired repeatedly, according to a confidential report commissioned by german defence ministry. between 2,000 and 3,000 G36 rifles belong to police forces across the uk.
at least 17 climbers, including three americans, and many sherpas died as a result of the earthquake that killed 2,500 people across the Himalayas. others are still trapped on the mountain waiting to be rescued. a contractor from california described how he tended to the injured even after doctors told him there is little chance they will survive.
waitress claims footballer grabbed her, slapped her and ripped her top. the 18-year-old reportedly fled to the toilet in tears after the incident. she told police that the £55,000-a-week player had left her with a bruise. the 28-year-old was reportedly interviewed by officers under caution.
the Disneyland book of lists contains over 200 lists crammed full of secrets. lists include how many people have given birth in Disneyland, and what the official pet food brand is.
study of 18,500 patients found people with bowel cancer who saw their normal GP were diagnosed, on average, a week later than others. findings are worrying because Britain has one of the lowest cancer survival rates in Europe.
the crowd filled a baseball field behind milford's Jonathan law high school, where she was attacked and killed in a hallway on April 25, 2014. a classmate, Christopher plaskon, has been charged with murder as an adult over the stabbing. after a week of somber remembrances at the school, her classmates and event organizers said the idea was to remember her as she would have wanted.
birth of prince george's brother or sister will be announced on twitter. news will then be posted on the traditional easel behind the palace. when prince george was born in 2013 his birth was first announced in an emailed press release. a formal notice signed by the doctors who delivered him was then taken by police escort to the palace.
police ignored sexual abuse of hundreds of young girls because of targets. money was diverted away from protecting children from rape, trafficking and beatings in order to pursue so-called ‘priority crimes’. offences considered crucial for satisfying target culture introduced by last labour government. same targets were also linked to performance-related pay for top officers at south Yorkshire police.
tv producer, 68, claims ex-wife Nicola, 48, duped him about son. he says she had sex only a few months into marriage but did not tell him. she had a child - Charlie - as a result but led him to believe the boy was hers. claims he suffered loss and damages and wants £322,400 in compensation.
art sleuth Christopher Marinello, 53, tracked down nine paintings stolen from an LA mansion. he was tipped off by a shadowy figure in Slovenia called darko who sent him images of the paintings via WhatsApp. he is representing the heirs of renowned art dealer Paul Rosenberg in their bid to recover Henri matisse's 1921 Femme assise.
over several hours on Sunday afternoon, a steady stream of mourners filed into the funeral home for a wake for Freddie gray. the 25-year-old black man died a week after an encounter with police left him with grave spinal injuries. a pastor at Gray's family church gave a speech in remembrance of the man who died on April 19 while in police custody.
pebble was one of the earliest smartwatches, and since it launched in 2013, more than a million have been sold. the apple watch is just one example of a new generation of watches designed to do far more than just tell the time.
prime minister has written to first great western (fgw) to 'urgently review' decision to almost double fares on route between london and the cotswolds. fares in real terms have been frozen for the whole of the next parliament. labour has also pledged to bring in a 'cap' on price hikes.
presenter revealed how close she came to suicide after divorce from clive. the 57-year-old had her first experience of depression as a child. things were so difficult at one point she planned to crash her car into a wall.
Juanette cullum, 48, was arrested after a witness allegedly saw her stealing. detectives also found 19 Kindle tablets, seven iPads, two laptops and toiletries. officials said she admitted she had been stealing from american airline planes.
a national counterterrorism center advisory group, ordered by the white house, is expected to recommend what would mark a radical shift in us hostage policy. the NCTC interviewed families of hostages, including the parents of journalist James foley, who was killed by Islamic state fighters. foley's mother Diane said that officials from president Barack Obama's administration repeatedly told her family it was illegal to try to raise a ransom to free her son.
NBC's nightly news anchor has been suspended with no pay for six months after it emerged he lied about being on a military helicopter hit by a rocket-propelled grenade. a secretive internal investigation has reportedly found that he embellished at least 11 different reports. the total would mean the trail of dishonesty from the fallen face of NBC's nightly news goes far deeper than previously reported.
historian draws parallels between modern-day britain and 100BC in roman empire. he says we've lost drive for innovation that helped Victorian era. 'we live in golden age where there have been no major wars in europe for three quarters of a century,' says historian.
Gary barlow, mark. owen and Howard donald ordered to pay back cash 11 months ago. trio are dealing directly with. HMRC but have yet to stump up the cash. pressure mounts after gabby. Logan has already repaid all the money she owed.
seven female students, some of whom attend Brigham young university in Utah, were all believed to be in an online relationship with the same man. but they were all duped by a woman named Kayla, who was pretending to be a man. the women had a chance to confront the woman, named Kayla, on an episode of dr phil that aired on friday. she apologized to the women, most of whom forgive her and say they would have been her friend in other circumstances.
one of the stunning watercolours, showing the moment Dorothy, toto, the Tinman, the Lion and the scarecrow meet the wizard of Oz, went for £25,000. the other, imagining the Emerald city, capital of the land of Oz and home to the wizard, sold for £10,000. both paintings, from the brush of famed art director Jack Martin Smith, were used to work out how the scenes might look once filming began.
pippa middleton is said to have invested in £4-a-piece biodegradable nappies. the duchess of cambridge could be clad in biodegradable mull-cloth. re-usable and biodegradable nappies are easier on the planet.
the fossilised skull of a 66-million-year old triceratops is being sold by hong kong-based experts at auction house evolved. it is more than 95 per cent complete bone, is 9.2ft (2.8 metres) long, 5.2ft (1.6 metres) high and 4.6ft (1.4 metres) wide. the last time something of this size and quality came to market was when a Tyrannosaurus rex fossil named'sue'
former 'lusty leprechaun' says he's too busy chasing women. insists he's focusing on being a good father to his two sons. hasn't dated in four years and says he's not interested in women.
the court's most recent gay rights decision for the court in. 2013, rejecting a legal definition of marriage limited to a man and woman for purposes of federal benefits. justice Anthony. Kennedy, the court's pivotal member on gay. rights, has been marching in this direction with opinions dating. to 1996.
Uruma takezawa has made a living documenting communities in the most remote areas around the globe. for his latest book, the Japanese adventurer spent 1,021 days on the road, to capture amazing images. he found inspiration in those who live off the land in harmony with the natural world. the results are a spectacular set of dramatic images, which form part of an exhibition at new york's Foto-Care gallery.
extremist preacher Hani al-sibai lives in a leafy west London street. he is believed to have influenced a number of young men into fighting jihadist, including 'Jihadi John', whose real name is Mohammed Emwazi. security services are believed to be investigating al-sibai's influence on the London Boys terror cell of which Emwazi was a part.
Rochelle Holmes, 26, ballooned to 20st 5lbs after eating four takeaways a week. she also smoked 20 cigarettes a day and spent £30 a week on takeaways. she was so overweight she was at risk of suffering a stroke at the age of 23. decided to lose weight and quit smoking after receiving the stark warning. swapped takeaways for healthy alternatives and is now a size 12.
the closures include Heald college campuses in California, Hawaii and Oregon, as well as everest and Wyotech schools in California, Arizona and new york. the closures are believed to be the biggest shutdown in the history of us higher education. the company doubled revenue for the company up to $1.75billion between 2007 and 2011.
Susannah ross, 20, told friends she was going trekking last week. she has not been heard from since friday and may not be able to contact loved ones at home in the uk. many of those initially reported missing have since been found safe and well. a number of Britons were climbing mount everest at the time of the disaster.
geoff haigh, 61, wanted to marry his partner of 26 years after being diagnosed with terminal pancreatic cancer. couple settled on a venue close to their home in oldham, greater manchester. but their special day descended into farce after a number of blunders. guests were forced to listen to the song 'wonderful life' 10 times in a row. their marriage certificate was recorded with the wrong date, rendering it invalid.
research has revealed that the average price of a christening has hit £300. in response, supermarket giant has created a budget range of outfits. range includes an embroidered dress, lace collar gown, sateen romper. it also includes lace trim socks and bow ballet shoes in baby blues and pinks.
horseshoe-shaped glass walkway in chongqing extends 87.5ft from cliff edge. visitors can feel as though they are walking on air with valley floor below. it is the longest cantilever bridge in the world, beating grand canyon skywalk.
a group of modern humans known as the Protoaurignacian culture arrived in southern europe at around the same time the Neanderthals disappeared 41,000 years ago. scientists took CT scans of teeth found at Riparo bombrini in western ligurian Alps and in the Grotta di fumane in western lessini mountains in northern italy. they found the enamel on the crown of the teeth was thicker than that found on Neanderthal teeth and it was
judges rejected theresa may's attempt to deport the 53-year-old serial criminal. argued he would be tortured and imprisoned because drinking alcohol is illegal. case estimated to have cost taxpayers a six-figure sum.
the first lady chose what's being called 'kailua blue' to distinguish her family's china from the red, green, blue and yellow used on more recent state services. the china, which has settings for 320 people, cost approximately $367,000. it was paid for from a private fund that is administered by the white house historical association.
RJ, 4, has a rare illness which causes his skin to appear red and scaly. his mother, Valerie, has to cover him in creams to stop his skin drying out. she was accused of scalding her son after a stranger reported her to police for child abuse. she said: 'it just shows the extent of people's ignorance'
dr sanjay gupta performed a craniotomy on the 15-year-old girl. she was injured when a wall of her family's home fell on her. she only reached the hospital two days after the 7.8-magnitude quake. blood had already collected in the top of her brain and she was 'doing well'
the woman was allegedly kidnapped Thursday in a parking lot in loveland, Colorado, police there said in a news release. in the phone call, the dispatcher asked '911, what's the address of the emergency?' 'I don't know. I'm locked in a trunk,' the woman said.
reddit user decided it was a good idea to write a biting resignation letter. apologises for the death of a step-mother, sickness and subsequent doctor's appointments.
sickening image shows a newborn baby sleeping next to a grenade, a handgun and what appears to be a birth certificate. the image was re-posted to twitter on sunday by an anti-ISIS activist in Syria with the warning: 'this child will be risk to you not just to us' terrorism experts have revealed the snapshot is a showcase of the groups supposed longevity, as well as a compelling window into life within their self-declared caliphate.
Bradley parkes, 16, was found hanging from a tree in the woods. he was taken to hospital in a coma but has made a'miracle' recovery. his mother Tiffany, 35, said: 'i thought he was going to die'
the stark warning comes from general Keith Alexander, the retired four-star general and former chief of the national security agency. he envisioned a worst case-scenario where hackers targeted oil refineries, power stations, and the electric grid. the payments nexus of the major banks could also be paralysed he warned.
amusement parks have been erected on the outskirts of Islamabad and rawalpindi, with swing rides and street food markets. many of those who are enjoying the rides have fled their villages due to fighting between security forces and militants in the tribal areas.
classic FM presenter has spoken openly about his wife's diagnosis. in 2009, he broke down on air on bbc breakfast as he gave account of her battle.
Michael O'Leary said average fare could be as low as €40 (approximately £26) next year. chief executive of europe's largest budget airline made the vow in an interview with a french weekly newspaper. he said he despises the 'french political class', but loves the french.
'use it or lose it' powers would allow councils to encourage building. sites left idle could be compulsorily purchased for use by another developer. shares in housebuilders, including persimmon, fell by around 2%.
Jeremy jackson, 34, arrested for assault with a deadly weapon in west lake, la. victim identified his attacker as 'Hobie' from hit show baywatch. police received a report of a possible prowler in the same neighborhood. officers stopped that alleged prowler and discovered it was jackson.
Gina Rinehart's daughter was reduced to tears after being forced to sign a deed against her interests. emails between 2004 and 2006 were tendered showing Mr Hancock repeatedly called her 'the fat' and 'fatty' the siblings are united in a bitter trust dispute against their mother.
Lisa McElroy, 50, reportedly sent the explicit link to her students under the subject line 'great article on writing briefs' on march 31. the legal writing professor said she was'mortified' and 'in terrible shape' when she found out what she had done. she said she was sure she had lost her 'dignity forever' when news of the scandal first broke.
John Sims, who had burkitt's lymphoma, died on Saturday, with his new wife Lindsey by his side. the pair married march 21 at the university of texas M.d. Anderson cancer center. after the wedding they set off on a cross-country road trip last week, hoping to make it to visit John's friend Dave in Oregon. but their journey came to an end when John's condition worsened and they had to go to a hospice in
myuran sukumaran has requested to spend his final days painting. his brother has pleaded with the president to call off the firing squad. his fellow death row inmate, Andrew chan, has requested to spend his last hours in church with his family. it comes as images from nusakambangan showed a haunting self portrait painted by sukumaran in his cell, depicting the artist shot through the heart.
Nicholas, 25, and father David, 56, were shot dead 'execution-style' on wednesday. they had been celebrating a football victory in their garage, or'man cave' police believe it was a botched burglary, but have not revealed a motive. dexter allen, 17, and Haraqyon degruy, 18, have been charged with double killing.
Joyce cox was strangled to death on her way home from school in 1939. her body was found dumped by a railway station but her killer has never been caught. her cousin Terry Phillips, 71, has accused the metropolitan police of a 'cover-up' he used the freedom of information act to find out more about the case. but he was told the file must be kept secret for 100 years after the events. he said: 'a named subject who was a suspect is
Vladimir bukovsky, 72, has lived in the uk since he fled the Soviet Union. was accused of spreading anti-soviet propaganda in the 1970s. smuggled 150 pages of documents detailing abuse of psychiatric institutions. summonsed to appear at court next month after investigation by police. will be charged with making and possessing indecent images of children.
74-year-old has ruled the oil-producing nation since 1989. international monitors have voiced their concern about the poll. they say there was not a genuine choice of other candidates.
tug MV Hamal was intercepted by the frigate HMS Somerset and Border Force cutter valiant about 100 miles east of the Aberdeenshire coast. french customs said in a statement it tipped off British authorities 'to board a tug 100 kilometres (60 miles) east of Scotland carrying a very large quantity of cocaine, more than two tonnes' the crew of the Hamal, nine men aged between 26 and 63, were detained for questioning by investigators from the national crime agency's border
Judith russe, mother-in-law of one of the bombers, took to the stand in the trial of her daughter, Katherine. her words came as jurors decide whether Tamerlan's brother, 21-year-old dzhokhar, should be put to death after being convicted of a host of crimes in connection with the bombings. defense lawyers for dzhokhar have made the argument that he should not be killed because he was in some capacity forced into the killing
duchess of gotland was cradled in the arms of her pregnant mother. princess madeleine, 32, is six months pregnant and due to give birth this summer.
teenager collin burns completed a 3x3 cube in just 5.25 seconds. he was at an official event in Doylestown, Pennsylvania, when he shaved 0.3 of a second off the record.
Kayla mooney, 24, was charged on march 31 after a seven-week police investigation into a complaint she made about being harassed by the boy’s girlfriend. the boy told police about the sexual relationship they had off campus last year, which appear to be supported by emails between the pair. she is the third area teacher to face sexual misconduct charges since February.
Paul Gilbert mocked the leader of the labour party at a university hustings. joked that he hoped his 'off-piste' comment would not 'find it's way back'. also blasted the party's 'entirely unsatisfactory' tuition fees policy. told voters at the event: 'i don't like where we are'
matilda fitt was born nine weeks early in Barry, south wales, weighing just 2lb 12oz. she was chosen to play to Julie, who died from putrid throat, because of size. matilda, now 21 months, won the part to make her small screen debut.
photographer Jeffrey milstein has shot a fascinating project documenting black boxes, shedding light on what they look like. despite the name, the boxes are usually red to help rescuers spot them among the wreckage of crashed planes and helicopters. after disaster strikes, there is an immediate attempt to cover the black box - as seen in recent tragedies.
Renee Bergeron, 38, photographs children with special needs as superheroes, dressing them up with capes, goggles, and wands.
St Patrick's parish in Stephensville, wisconsin has discontinued its four-decade tradition of people mud-wrestling pigs. the original pig rassle tournament will be replaced with a human mud foosball tournament. an animal advocacy group launched an online petition claiming the tournament was inhumane to the pigs. it garnered more than 81,000 signatures in efforts to cancel the event.
senior party sources admit current total of 57 MPs will be slashed to 'in the thirties' after catastrophic collapse in support. if party had a group of MPs numbering 'in the 30s' it could potentially hold balance of power after may 7 and be able to once again form part of a coalition government.
Bonnie Suchet, 73, was described by her husband as 'the love of my life' Suchet, 71, declined to comment, saying it was a 'private family matter'
celine bisette, who goes by the pseudonym 'celine,' insists she is neither 'damaged' nor 'deranged' - in fact, she rather enjoys her job. as a 19-year-old college sophomore, she found herself in need of a way to pay for school. she couldn't bring herself to do porn, and she knew wasn't talented enough to be a stripper. as an escort seemed like a natural
poll finds less than 20 per cent believe he should be put to death. in the city of Boston the figure falls to just 15 per cent in favour of the death penalty. last week protesters demonstrated against the death penalty outside court.
Patricia Wilnecker, 81, fell in love with lamorna cove in Cornwall in 1948. she moved nearby and wrote a book about it - but has been banned. landowner accused her of deliberately hitting his son Daniel, 36. he said she can come back as long as she says'sorry I hit you with my car'
unruly passenger caused problems near the back of the plane, witness said. flight TCX2515 was taxiing to runway at the time, but was forced to return. witness said the man punched a bus door and uttered threats. passengers were delayed for 40 minutes before the plane departed.
pm was giving a campaign speech in south london on saturday. he joked that everyone should back his team - but then named west ham. admitted he couldn't explain - but said it must have been because he had been past west ham's famous Upton park ground in east london on Friday. he flew over the ground in a private helicopter charted to get him back to london quickly.
1.2 million australians either possess a secret credit card or hide purchases from their partner. one in ten cardholders also admit their credit card spending has led to an argument with a partner. the biggest culprits of covert credit behaviour are women.
no one was injured after the boy shot twice toward the ceiling in the school commons at north Thurston high school in lacey, washington. teacher Brady Olson knocked the armed student to the ground and kept him pinned down until authorities arrived, witnesses said. the shooter, who has not been identified, is in custody at the lacey police station.
hundreds of bodies are being burned in the ghats next to the river. families gather in heartbreaking desperation to give their loved ones honourable send-off so revered in Hindu tradition. 'people are conducting the last rites wherever they can and without following the proper rituals,' a witness said.
reality star said it was'very disappointing' that he stopped short of using the word - which he had promised to use when he ran for office. she wrote in an op-ed: 'it’s very disappointing he hasn’t used it as president'
Elizabeth dawes, 39, was told she had grade three breast cancer in 2013. doctors at new cross hospital in wolverhampton advised immediate surgery. but four days after the operation she was told staff had confused her medical notes with those of two other patients, and she'd never had cancer. the mother-of-one was so traumatised she needed anti-depressants.
signatories - who together employ 100,000 people - said they 'would like to see David Cameron and George Osborne given the chance to finish what they have started' candle entrepreneur Jo malone claimed a labour government would 'jeopardise' the economic recovery.
Charlotte Briggs was told she cannot attend school 150 yards from her home. mother Lynne, 49, says taking daughter to school and back every day would require four hours of travelling on the bus and force her to quit her job. she had believed the school was a feeder school to her home in Sheffield. but council said the school is oversubscribed and gave a place above her.
Auckland coastguards received unusual call out to a homemade boat race. the race saw a couch strapped to a stack of tyres and a floating Subaru car. coastguards took to the water near Gulf harbour, off Auckland's whangaparaoa peninsula. one vessel capsized outside of the harbour, however no one was injured.
former captain of star trek has revealed radical proposals in interview. he wants to build a 4ft-wide pipeline from Seattle down to california. this would transport water and solve the state's ongoing drought problem. but the proposal has been declared 'highly illogical' by some experts.
the officer said he was appalled by the peer’s note after his superiors forced him to drop his inquiries into Janner’s alleged sex abuse. the note thanked him for how he had dealt with the issue. it even invited him and his wife to dinner at parliament. the revelation of Janner’s apparent attempt to influence the police came amid fresh concerns about the Establishment cover-up of the labour grandee’s alleged paedophilia.
up to 18 killed and more than 60 injured when 7.8-magnitude quake set off a huge avalanche on the world's highest peak. survivors described seeing tents with climbers still inside picked up and tossed across the camp before crashing down into rocks and ice. aid agencies warned of a humanitarian disaster and said the death toll could be far higher in more remote areas.
Jay Z unleashed a string of'stream of consciousness' tweets on sunday defending his premium music streaming app. he said that 'actions will speak louder than words' as he continues to fine tune the service. comes as reports claim that Tidal is being sabotaged by rivals as it attempts to take business away from more-established music outlets.
sergeant Edwin mee, 46, is accused of raping and molesting 11 women. the alleged attacks took place at an army careers centre in croydon. he denies 17 counts of sexual assault, three counts of rape and assault by penetration relating to 11 young cadets.
the stars of Martin Scorsese's classic 1990 gangster film goodfellas reunited in new york on Saturday night for a very special 25th anniversary screening. Ray Liotta, Robert de Niro, Lorraine Bracco and Paul sorvino were all in attendance although director Scorsese was filming in Taiwan and Joe Pesci didn't show. 'i remember the previews were one of the worst experiences of my life — we had three of them and they
three-and-a-half-year-old baylie swapped sweet treats for free range meat. his owners, from Leeds, say he's now 'a different dog'. lost a stone and a half in eight weeks - the weight of four chihuahuas.
Kristopher Hicks was on his way home in a taxi driven by michael young, 56. he had mistakenly believed he was planning to 'do a runner' and drove him back to the rank in a bid to teach him a lesson. when he objected, the driver continued on for almost a mile, leading him to jump from the vehicle while it was travelling at more than 20mph. he suffered devastating brain injuries, developed epilepsy and
the stunning Ashbrittle yew has a girth of 38ft and a vast vast canopy. its central trunk is hollow with six smaller ones branching off - possibly due to disease. locals fear it is on its way out due to wilting branches and falling leaves.
'they are warning him to slow down on revealing too much of his journey on reality TV,' a source told TMZ in a Monday report. 'kim and the boys think Bruce was spectacular on the Diane sawyer special and in won over millions of people in the process. they have gone to their dad to express their concern,' the insider added.
the presence of blue origin, LLC, the brainchild of amazon founder Jeff bezos, barely registers in nearby vanhorn, a way station along Interstate 10. few visitors are allowed beyond the 'No Trespassing' sign and a remote-controlled gate and into the desert and mountain environment reminiscent of the air force's renowned area 51 in Nevada. at the opposite end — of Texas and the competition — is the highly visible SpaceX venture, led by PayPal co-founder and electric car maker
emoji hashtags work with single emoji, multiple emoji or can be combined with text. nearly half of Instagram captions already feature the small pictures. Instagram has also unveiled three new filters called Lark, Reyes and Juno.
Sydney electronic duo the presets published a series of posts on its facebook page after it was announced the Bali nine would be executed this week. one of the posts told fans who disagreed with the band's stance to 'unfollow us, delete all our music and stop listening to us altogether' another read: 'if you agree with murder, lack compassion and openly display those views on our page then yes, you are a total c*** and can f*** off' fans were divided on the posts,
lib dems admit best hope is to end up with 30-something MPs after may 7. source said best chance of holding balance of power was to finish 'in the 30s' but he is still determined to form coalition with either the tories or labour. pledge would mean raising spending on education every year.
Mary cowan, 92, devoted years of her life to teaching primary school children. she passed away in november last year but left instructions in her will. she asked for a bursary scheme to be set up at her former school. the bulk of her £2million fortune was made up of stocks and shares.
dog Molly had been on a walk with owner Jane Tipper in Eype, Dorset. she fell over the cliff's edge along with the lamb and rolled 150ft down a slope. her distraught owners managed to see that the eight-year-old had survived. but they had no way of getting down to the beach to get her. coastguards searched thoroughly but were unable to find her.
Daniel Williams, from Toronto, filmed himself doing everything from sealing envelopes and sending emails to making cups of coffee and going to the bathroom. the 90-second video has already attracted an impressive three million views since being uploaded to YouTube last week.
a 39-year-old man and a 26-year-old woman were arrested following the drug bust in Katherine, 320 kilometres southeast of Darwin on Sunday. police found approximately 20 kilograms of kava divided into 862 small bags and a small quantity of cannabis. the man was further charged with driving an unregistered motor vehicle, failing to restrain a young person (x4) and disorderly behaviour.
Elena Klimova is a 26-year-old activist for the LGBT (lesbian gay bisexual transgender) community. she runs children 404 - an online support group for young people about coming out and dealing with discrimination. she regularly receives obscene hate-filled rants from strangers telling her she's 'disgusting' and should kill herself. the activist tracked down the social media accounts of many of her trolls, and has posted their vile messages
seven-year-old Sophia breaks down the issue simply for youngsters. the short film was created by the next family, an organisation that supports diverse families.
Oscar 'papoo' Hernandez Jr has pleaded guilty to weapons charges in connection to his namesake's murder case. he said he was 'awed' by the former new england patriots star when he sent him an assault rifle and two handguns in april 2013. the 24-year-old said he was 'grateful to be noticed' by the football player and 'had no way of anticipating the terrible events which would follow'
maitland local Karen Newton performed an impromptu rendition of the last post to stranded residents of Gillieston Heights. she had just finished playing at the dawn service at Kurri Kurri. as the sun rose over the water, she could be seen facing five stranded residents, who had come out to pay their respects. the video has over 5,000 views on facebook.
the former secretary of state is aiming to become the 44th president of the united states just months before her 70th birthday. if she is successful, she will be the country's first female president and the second oldest ever to open the doors to the white house. a black-and-white image posted on her twitter account this weekend showed a young Clinton pointing at the camera.
state-of-the-art south Glasgow university hospital opened today. it has a fleet of robots delivering linen, a children's cinema and landing pad. but ukip said the hospital had been funded with english taxpayers' money. despite gaping holes in hospital funding south of the border.
the body of a baby girl was found buried on a Sydney beach last year. two young boys were playing when they uncovered the body. now locals Filomena D'alessandro and bill green have claimed the infant's body in order to provide her with a fitting farewell. with the help of the local community they managed to raise enough funds to provide the baby with a funeral.
Miranda Ashley Calvin, 19, was arrested by Gresham police on Sunday afternoon after allegedly hitting a pedestrian with her car and fleeing the scene. police were called to a Gresham road at about 8.30pm on Saturday night where they found 49-year-old Jerrie Ann Hornig dead when they arrived. a white Mercedes benz had been spotted fleeing the scene and was later seen by a person who was listening to a police scanner. she was booked on manslaughter
french artist Vincent Lamouroux has painted a derelict motel in LA's trendy silver lake neighborhood completely white. he used an environmentally friendly limewash to coat the entire property, including several towering palm trees and the fence around the rundown property. the project, named 'projections', instantly became a hit with passers-by who stopped to take photos.
Jonathan keats, an experimental philosopher and conceptual artist, has designed a'millennium camera' that he intends to mount in a churchless steeple on a college campus. he hopes the resulting photograph will chronicle climate change by taking a 1,000-year exposure of a western Massachusetts mountain range. the camera, which is made of cooper and allows light to enter through a tiny hole and change paint inside, will create one image.
the couple tied the knot in a romantic ceremony in the Santa Monica mountains. Nikki, 26, wore a stunning white lace long-sleeved custom gown by Claire pettibone.
81-year-old embraced 'bookkeeper of death' in court last week. she called for prosecutions of former SS officers to end. but co-plaintiffs said she should not have taken part in the trial. they said: 'we cannot forgive Mr Groening his participation in the murder of our relatives and another 299,000 people'
Nicola sturgeon says labour leader allowed himself to be 'kicked around' she calls on him to be 'tougher' and 'bolder' in post-election talks. polls suggest no one party will have a majority after may 7.
grant Clarke, 45, suffered a massive brain haemorrhage in may 2012. it left him paralysed on his left side, incontinent and unable to swallow. his family became concerned when they visited him at a rehabilitation unit. they discovered he smelled of urine and was becoming depressed. they planted a secret camera in an iPod docking station. footage captured the extent of neglect he was subjected to. nurse Vanessa Kennard has been suspended in her absence
dozens of survivalists and so-called 'preppers' descended on the salt lake city suburb of Sandy on friday. they were taught new ways to deal with zombie apocalypse or natural disaster - and even dressed up as zombies. during two-day expo, they were shown specially-equipped underground bunkers, solar powered flashlights and armored vehicles. they were also greeted by actors from the hit show 'the walking dead', including addy Miller
broga celebrates the physical over the spiritual, and. strength over flexibility. experts say it sets men free to flex. tight hamstrings without hearing invocations to Hindu deities.
builder mark lawson, 44, was at his christmas party in newbury, Berkshire. he agreed that his co-worker Simon myers could take some chips from his plate. but when myers started eating an onion ring, lawson was angered. he shouted at his victim and drove the steak knife into his thigh.
William Schultz, 18, was arrested on suspicion of stabbing his friend's nine-year-old brother to death in a northern california town. deputies put out an alert for Schultz after they said he got away in a truck outside the home. the day before the stabbing, deputies had also been called to the home on a request for a psychological evaluation of Schultz.
Nicola sturgeon's party on course for landslide north of the border. says labour leader will soon 'change his tune' over post-election pact. insists he will not agree to a 'confidence and supply' deal with the SNP.
king willem-Alexander's 48th birthday was celebrated in the city of Dordrecht today. queen and her three daughters travelled by barge through the city. koningsdag - or king's day - is a public holiday in the country. traditionally marked with a royal procession in the capital Amsterdam.
Amy-Beth Ellice, 17, from Essex started baking at the age of three. she landed her first book deal with her recipe collection at 14. her second, all about entertaining, is now firmly in the works. she has plans to launch her own baking products and even become a chef.
more than 45,000 people have signed a petition calling for the adverts to be removed. protein world advert features a model in a bikini with the question: 'are you beach body ready?' campaign has attracted the ire of many social media users and body image campaigners. a change.org petition calling for the removal of the adverts has attracted more than 45,000 signatures.
avalanche started on mount kumori, a 23,000-foot-high mountain just a few miles from everest, and gathered strength as it tore across the peak. half an hour after the initial quake, another magnitude-6.6 aftershock hit, followed by smaller aftershocks across the region. 18 people died in the avalanche, including four americans, and 61 were injured, according to Nepal's mountaineering department.
the Russian vessel caught fire in Las palmas port on April 11. it was towed out to sea as a precaution and sank 15 miles south of the island. one beach has been cleared of oil and clean-up operations are ongoing. environmental group has criticised the decision to tow the vessel out to sea.
mansi and pritesh started trying for a baby ten years ago. mansi did manage to become pregnant and gave birth in 2007. but the boy, Khushi, was so premature he died after a six-month fight for life. mansi's sister hiral stepped in and offered to carry the couple's baby. after IVF treatment, she gave birth to Krish three weeks ago.
dozens of people have been taking pictures amongst the rubble of the historic nine-storey structure. rescuer in the capital said those taking pictures were not 'understanding the tragedy' tower built by Nepal's royal rulers in the 1800s was one of the country's most treasured monuments.
the Chancellor admitted he was secretly addicted to hit series starring aidan Turner. he confessed to a crush on its female lead character demelza, played by Eleanor tomlinson. the 'one hour' a week he allowed himself off during the election campaign was to watch the programme. he vowed to maintain tax relief on big TV productions.
Hannah Wilson was last seen at the same bar where 20-year-old Lauren Spierer partied before she vanished in 2011. her body was found in rural brown county, about 10 miles from the campus, on friday morning. Daniel Messel, 49, was arrested hours later and charged with her murder.
mark Hawkins, 49, was holed up in vintage blue bus in salem, oregon. barricaded himself inside vehicle after he was approached by police. seconds later, he allegedly fired weapon from front of vehicle. bullet struck a police dog in the head, prompting an exchange of gunfire. Hawkins was shot dead after seven-hour standoff with SWAT officers. police rammed armored car into bus, punching holes in it. but he
three quarters of extreme hot weather and 18% of heavy precipitation is being driven by global warming that has occurred due to man-made emissions, say scientists. they warn that as climate change pushes global temperatures higher, humans will become responsible for 40% of extreme rainfall events. scientists claim it is the rarest and most destructive events that seem to be most responsive to human influence.
at least five tornadoes were spotted across north and central texas Sunday evening as part of a severe storm system sweeping the region. the storm started Sunday evening in comanche county, Texas and moved northeast towards the Dallas/fort worth area for the next several hours. one of the tornadoes appeared over Rio Vista, Texas and was described as slow-moving and 'extremely dangerous' residents were urged to stay indoors and seek shelter because of flying debris and the possibility of 'complete
a drone strike in pakistan in January killed two hostages, one of them an american. the CIA was seeking to destroy an al Qaeda compound in the country when the two captives were killed. without Obama's waiver, CIA operatives would have been forced to gather additional information and surveillance data on the al Qaeda-linked militants targeted. without Obama's waiver, CIA operatives would have been forced to gather additional surveillance data.
labour leader will insist he offers a 'clear, credible and concrete plan' he will say: 'we will deal with people's concerns because we have changed' but shadow home secretary yvette cooper refused to put target on net immigration.
Euan Ritchie and Jen martin's crowdfunding page received a baffling pledge for over $2 billion. within an hour, the donation to a kangaroo preservation project had vanished. the couple launched the page after Indigenous tribes from the northern territory told them kangaroos from the region were disappearing at an alarming rate.
Paul and Laura Elliott decided to do something different for their wedding day. ran the first half of the marathon separately before meeting half way round. ran across the finish line together under a shower of confetti. have raised £7,000 so far to help honour his memory on this special day.
wood green animal charity has teamed up with handy to offer a cat fostering service. the presence of a cat and the scent it leaves behind can discourage rodents from returning.
researchers photographed faces and recorded voices of 42 women. asked men with average age of mid 20s to rate women's voices. those rated highly for looks often scored well for sound too.
a 10-year-old autistic boy has hand delivered a heartbreaking poster to the immigration minister's office on monday. Tyrone sevilla and his mother Maria sevilla face the very real possibility of being deported back to the Philippines as their visa expires today. this comes after the immigration department rejected the single mother's visa application 28 days ago because her son's autism would be a 'burden on the australian health system'
prime minister said sorry to waitress for touching her hair at work. after the incident, reddit users started tracking down old pictures and videos of Mr Key touching other young girls' hair. waitress at the centre of the ponytail storm said she 'expected more from him' and wanted 'the public to be aware'.
reality tv star, 24, is face of very.co.uk's #cantwaitforsummer campaign. shows off her toned body in fun and flirty high-summer designs. fitness fanatic recently starred in a made in Chelsea work-out DVD.
more than two dozen babies recently born to surrogate mothers are being airlifted out of Nepal to safety. the evacuation comes in the wake of Saturday's 7.8-magnitude earthquake, which has so far claimed more than 4,600 lives. several premature babies - and some wounded people - were ferried to an Israeli military base on an emergency rescue aircraft. later in the day, five more infants landed safely in Tel Aviv with their Israeli families.
TV presenter said sister, Debbie, had managed to contact the family. she said she had stopped off at Everest base camp to recover. 'it's awful, I can barely speak. it's hard to take in what an awful situation it is in Nepal,' she said.
Cassandra fortin, 17, has finished the treatment a court ruled that she must undergo at Connecticut children's medical center for hodgkin's lymphoma. as she was discharged from hospital on Monday, the teenager said she was 'happy' to be heading back to her Hartford home after spending five months undergoing chemotherapy. 'i'm so happy to finally be on my way home, after 5 months,' she said in a series of text messages while traveling home
the 59-year-old looked downcast and emotional as she drove herself to a gym in los angeles on Monday. it's the first time that her third ex-wife has been seen in public since her husband's shocking tv tell-all on friday night. close family friend Kathie Lee gifford said on NBC's today that she hadn't seen the news coming and neither had Kris. she said that Kris is 'trying to be a good friend to
Isobel attwood, 16, vanished from her home in winchester, on saturday. schoolgirl described as white, 5ft 4ins tall, of a'small build' friends say she is in Southampton with a man in his 20s.
bereaved mother, named as dawn, was appearing on the Jeremy Kyle show. accused long-term chum, convicted burglar Jamie, of making off with cash. when lie detector test revealed he had done the deed, she burst into tears.
dr xiao-ping zhai has been helping couples conceive for decades. she prescribes a bespoke course of vitamins containing Chinese herbs. the vitamins must be taken 24 tablets a day for two weeks.
the last Inca rope bridge, the Keshwa chaca, spans the Apurimac River near Huinchiri, in the province of canas. it takes three days to rebuild the 90ft long bridge, which has become a tourist attraction. the ropes for the bridge are made from the 'ichu' grass, which is braided by local villagers.
Chrystie crownover, 63, told how the Olympic champion first opened up to her when they married in 1972. she said she was'so relieved' the world finally knows the decathlete's 'big, big, big dark secret'
John goodwin, 75, shot himself near his car outside the rockingham county superior courthouse in Brentwood on friday morning. the jury was not aware of what had happened outside the courthouse when they decided they could not reach a verdict in the 75-year-old's case. prosecutors said that goodwin repeatedly sexually assaulted an 11-year-old student from 2002 to 2005.
73-year-old woman suffered severe bruising to her legs and ribs in crash. she was waiting for an ambulance with her husband, who has dementia. thief sneaked into her car and stole the black Garmin device from underneath seat. a member of the public took a photograph of suspect as he left the scene.
the gel contains platelet-rich plasma (PRP) - a concentrated mix of substances in the blood that play a role in healing. it is made by taking a small amount of blood from a patient's arm and processing it in a machine that spins the blood at high speed until it separates into its various components.
Ian Pettigrew, 46, from Ontario, canada, was working on his book of portraits, just breathe: adults with cystic fibrosis, when he realized he had far more female subjects than male. he became inspired to start his second project, salty girls, starring women with the disorder, which damages the lungs and digestive system.
the majority of prostate cancers rely on the hormone to grow. lowering the amount in the body means it's less able to spread. in england alone, 13,000 men receive the treatment every year.
tens of thousands of selfies from across the country have emerged on social media to mark the centenary ANZAC day. many had shared some special moments with their families and friends at football matches or a trip to the pub for two-up. others seemed to think the day was more about how they looked than commemorating others.
the 26-year-old travelled to the maple hayes school of dyslexia. it is her second official engagement in less than four days. on friday, she was in reading to open the town's Talbot memorial garden. the space commemorates a little girl named amelia saunders who died in 2013.
landmass on east coast of hokkaido island has risen as high as 50ft. geologists believe the emergence is a result of a landslide nearby. melting ice and snow caused a section of land to drop, pivoting the underwater area into the air.
'we can restore trust and faith both in our laws and those who enforce them,' Lynch said, apparently referring to ongoing efforts to repair relations between police departments and minority communities. 'i have to thank the president for his faith in me and asking me to lead the department that I love to even greater heights,' she said. the 55-year-old was confirmed by the Senate on Thursday following a months-long delay in which her nomination became caught up in a dispute over human trafficking legislation.
friends of the Deputy pm have indicated he will quit as leader if the lib dems are reduced to fewer than 30 MPs. sources have also suggested he will go if the party is left out of power. but yesterday he insisted he would fight for his job 'in all circumstances'
personal trainer james staring says there are four simple ways to lose fat. he says writing a food diary is the best way to achieve a flat stomach. avoid refined carbs such as white bread and pasta and only eat carbohydrates after exercise.
residents of new south wales are being warned to brace for more floods and damage with another storm predicted to hit this week. early indicators show an east coast low – the same weather system that lashed the state's east coast for three days last week – could hit the region. heavy rain is possible from Thursday through to Saturday. the state emergency service was deluged with calls for assistance last week and has more than 4,000 jobs from 24,196 requests still to be completed.
fans took to twitter to complain of 'withdrawal symptoms' less than 12 hours after the show's finale. 'as if the Sherlock hiatus wasn't bad enough... experiencing #Poldark withdrawal symptoms already,' tweeted fan mihaela doaga.
Nissan note mk1 named the most uncomfortable car in a poll of 61,000 drivers. Hyundai i20 mk1 named the second most uncomfortable, with 81.1 per cent. three designs by german manufacturer Volkswagen make it into the bottom ten.
Rose McGrath, 12, was dismissed from a private Catholic school for not meeting academic and attendance standards. the 7th-grader is in remission but still recovering from treatments for acute lymphoblastic leukemia diagnosed in 2012. the school wrote in a letter addressed to Rose's father that officials worked with her but absences 'hampered her academic performance'
Christopher Nathan may, 50, is accused of killing Tracey woodford, 47. her body was found at a flat in Pontypridd, south Wales, on friday. she was reported missing by her family three days earlier.
crumbling stone structure is the only remaining evidence of the community of Zapalnya, Bulgaria. residents were forced to leave their homes to make way for a dam built by the communist regime. homes were inundated and destroyed when the settlement and surrounding area were submerged in 1965.
the poll of 2000 people revealed that 'breakfast at tiffany's' star Audrey Hepburn is Britain's number one style icon. the duchess of cambridge, Kate middleton came fourth in the British style stakes with 1960's fashion icon Twiggy completing the top five.
Tim and brandy Ward were at home in Oso, washington, on march 22, 2014. tons of debris, soil and rock came crashing down from upland. Brandy was one of 43 people crushed by the force of the natural disaster. just a week later, he was told he did not have 'landslide insurance'
many smartphones on sale today - including apple’s iPhones, Samsung’s Galaxy phones and LG phones - come with built-in FM chips. but nearly two thirds of these devices don't have the feature activated. radio industry, faced with the rise of digital radio, are calling for this to change.
the only way is Essex star said he 'definitely' topped her list of political leaders in a game of'snog, marry or avoid' the 24-year-old said she would'snog or marry' the labour leader in a game of'snog, marry or avoid'
the EOssc2 is described as an 'ultra flexible micro-car for mega cities'. it can turn on the spot, shrink in size and even move sideways. car pivots using wheels powered by separate motors and can shrink from 8ft (2.5metres) to 5ft ft (1.5metres) and is designed to connect to others to form a train. if successful, the concept car will be able to drive itself.
paleontologists are referring to Chilesaurus diegosuarezi as a 'platypus' dinosaur because of its bizarre combination of characteristics. the animal is proving to be an evolutionary jigsaw puzzle because it belongs to the theropod group of dinosaurs but was a vegetarian. the presence of herbivorous theropods was up until now only known in close relatives of birds, but Chilesaurus shows that a meat-free diet was acquired much earlier than first thought
millionaire owner Gary lowndes purchased the property, advertised online as 'pharaoh's palace, in 2013 for $2 million. he had planned to film a reality show about strippers on the property. but neighbors have complained about noisey private functions held on the grounds. on friday the county code enforcement board found that lownds had violated their rules by holding events without the right permit and running a business in a residential neighborhood. he was warned he will be fined $1,000
the pair wed inside the chapel at besi prison on nusakambangan island. this comes just months after the Bali nine ringleader proposed to his girlfriend while he was still at Kerobokan prison in February. Febyanti accepted his proposal despite the fact that she knew he was condemned to death by president Joko widodo.
the 50-year-old recovering alcoholic was arrested at the Polo lounge at the swanky Beverly hills hotel on the night of her arrest. police officers dragged the reality star out of a bathroom cubicle when she refused to come out because she was 'angry and frightened'
emergency services called to the parmelia hotel in Perth at about 1am. a 22-year-old man jumped from the 10th floor and landed in the shallow end of the pool on the second level. police say the pair were both heavily intoxicated when an argument escalated. the man has been taken to royal Perth hospital with non-life threatening injuries.
Rhiannon. wilkinson, head of Wycombe Abbey in buckinghamshire, claims a 'boy free' environment stops girls from being held back by the opposite sex, who are known to mature slower. she also suggested that single-sex boarding schools give pupils relief and protection from the 'highly sexualised world'
Dan Fredinburg, 33, was one of four americans killed in avalanche on saturday. his girlfriend said he had a way of making people around him feel special. she said he wanted to return to mount everest following last year's avalanche.
special warfare operator 1st class Brett allen marihugh of Livonia, Michigan, died Sunday. he and special warfare operator 1st class seth cody Lewis of queens, new york, were found unresponsive on Friday at the bottom of the combat swimming training facility at joint expeditionary base little creek-fort story.
speaking at closed-door meeting with Jewish donors in las vegas, 68-year-old said plan to lift sanctions on Iran was not plausible - and comes too early. noted that country's government and president hassan Rouhani appear to be caving in - and implied that u.s. could lose leverage if it relaxes sanctions. also said nuclear deal would likely have negative impact on us national security. remarks are in stark contrast to president's belief that although the contents of the
Isa Richardson claimed she needed money because her car had broken down. frightened youngster told police she felt intimidated by the 46-year-old. court ordered her to pay £20 because of the stress she was forced to endure. Richardson is a well-known character in maidstone, who has a history of begging.
Nigel farage said that his party is now the'serious challenger' to labour. accused the party of making claims Ukip is racist because it is 'running scared' he called on tory supporters to vote tactically to help Ukip beat labour.
Jennifer is a huge fitness fan, and the mother of two has completed triathlons. she avoids sugar and salt and tries to get eight hours' sleep a night.
Karen bell, 42, from Hull, met man on dating website plenty of fish. pair exchanged flirty texts - before meeting up to act out their fantasy. she threatened to post footage online unless he paid her £25, court heard. she then increased demands, claiming her son had secretly filmed tryst. she was jailed for 12 months after pleading guilty to blackmail.
John Lord, 86, went missing from his home on April 6 less than a week after his beloved wife June, 81, died from a 'catastrophic bleed' to the brain. his family feared the worst after discovering a note describing how much he missed his wife of 63 years and how he could not live without her. today officers confirmed a body pulled from the river Trent on April 15 was sadly that of the missing grandfather-of-three. his daughter,
buy and keep launched in April 2014 for sky+HD subscribers. it is now available to everyone in the UK and Ireland. films can be watched across multiple devices using a 'follow me' function. new releases cost £13.99 and classics are £7.99, but this includes the price of a physical DVD and postage.
Pat senior, 66, has shared her five-bedroom home in bolton, greater manchester, with the animals for more than 30 years. she estimates that she spends £240 a week on food and treats for the dogs, with veterinary bills adding another £17,000 to the yearly cost of caring for the pets. she takes in neglected greyhounds as well as adopting dogs from pounds, and at one stage had 26 dogs living under her roof.
'g'day mate, how you going?' is a classic australian saying. but when one traveller tried to get americans to repeat it, many were lost for words. one man in texas was convinced he was saying 'Get out of my nightgown'. another man in new york said'sounds Chinese to me man'.
the colder weather is set to last the first half of may - and the forecast comes less than a fortnight after the mercury breached the 25c mark. sleet and snow are forecast for today and tomorrow from the pennines northwards, and there were small accumulations yesterday in the cairngorms. severe yellow ‘be aware’ ice warning for north-east scotland, warning motorists of a disruption risk until 7am today.
Russian biker gang called the night wolves camped out on the polish border. they had been banned from entering the country last week for a memorial ride. the night wolves have rallied against the Ukrainian government and celebrated Russia's annexation of Crimea.
SBS journalist Scott McIntyre was fired on Sunday over his tweets. he called anzac day 'the cultification of an imperialist invasion' and accused australian diggers of committing war crimes. senior writer for the australian financial review has spoken out in support of him. 'i also think anzacs were racist yobs and anzac day is a death cult. sack me fairfax,' he wrote.
the 41-year-old model made her awards ceremony hosting debut on Sunday at the 42nd annual daytime emmy awards in burbank, california. she also premiered a new short hairdo at the awards ceremony honouring the best in daytime television.
Betheny coyne, 24, was diagnosed with a rare heart defect before she was born - and was never expected to reach her fourth birthday. but she defied medical predictions and now, aged 24, is mother to three healthy children. this is despite being warned that each pregnancy could have placed so much extra strain on her heart that she would die. miss coyne said: 'if i didn't have my children or my fiancé, i'd spend my life worrying I
toxicology results show that an off-duty new jersey police officer was drunk when he caused a wrong-way crash that killed another officer and a friend on a new york city highway. tests show that Linden Officer Pedro abad's blood alcohol content was 0.24; the legal limit in new york is 0.08. hours before the crash, abad had posted a photo on his Instagram page of three shot glasses filled with what he identified as 'jack Daniels fire on the house'
Nasa scientists in california have revealed an interactive 3D map for Vesta using images from the Dawn spacecraft. the map lets you see features on the surface including craters, hills, mountains and even 'canyons' you can also measure elevation changes on the surface and see different angles of the sun. and switching to ‘3D mode’ lets you fly around like you were in your own spacecraft.
Colin Pitchfork was jailed for life in 1988 for raping and killing two schoolgirls. he strangled 15-year-old Lynda Mann to death after raping her in 1983. three years later he raped and killed 15-year-old Dawn ashworth. he was finally caught two years later thanks to DNA tests on surrounding men.
toes were so badly diseased they could not be saved and had to be amputated. came after he and his father were evicted from their home in west lancashire. aunt Dawn Doyle said: 'it's absolutely outrageous what has happened'
prince will not be able to meet new royal baby until he returns in mid may. had returned briefly at the weekend to hand out prizes at the london marathon. but with duchess now several days overdue, he is being forced to return to australia where he is on month-long placement with army. instead he spent time playing doting uncle to his nephew, prince George.
3AW host John Burns has been named as the media personality alleged to have vilified Richmond's Bachar Houli. Burns is alleged to have referred to Houli as a 'terrorist' at a club function at the MCG on friday night during the Tigers' match against Melbourne. 3AW confirmed a complaint has been made against Mr Burns and said he doesn't recall making the comment, and is'mortified' by the allegation
the leaks from the NBC investigation into disgraced newsman Brian Williams were designed to pressure him into resigning, according to media executives. the leaks include a report that Williams lied during an interview on the daily show with Jon Stewart. 'you’re dead. now negotiate,' one media executive told the website.
comedian Tamale rocks discovered the mirror in the women's restroom. she opened a mirrored door to find a cleaning closet on the other side. she then filmed a video showing the unobstructed view of the toilet. bar owner Ronnie lottz has no plans to get rid of the creepy mirror. he said it was originally set up as part of a halloween prank in 2001.
Eben kaneshiro, 35, was arrested last week and charged with three counts of first-degree sodomy and three counts of first-degree sexual abuse involving a boy under the age of 12. authorities believe he hanged himself in his cell at deschutes county adult jail. paramedics were unable to revive him after he was found unconscious around 3am on Sunday.
teachers are helping pupils to cheat by giving advice during exams. they are also wrongly bumping up marks and even writing coursework. ofqual found one in five reported colleagues had written coursework. details emerged at a teacher ethics in assessment symposium.
inspectors in Welshpool and llandrindod wells accused of being too lax. found officers there were reluctant to issue parking tickets for offences. investigation carried out by officials from powys county council. councillors shadowed wardens three times in the towns of Welshpool and Llandrindod wells and found plenty of infringements, but many were going unticketed.
the man, only named as'mr Zhang', was hit by a car at a busy junction. he was thrown off his motorbike and later died in hospital from his injuries. his brother had died at the same spot eight months earlier in the same spot.
a petition has been launched asking for sunrise's Samantha armytage to apologise for comments she made on-air last month. the 37-year-old congratulated ginger-haired Lucy on 'getting her dad's fair skin,' saying 'good on her' viewers took to social media to express their displeasure and to accuse her of making a 'racist' remark.
mark 1 version of Reginald Mitchell's famous design was among the first built in march 1940. but it never made it to the battle of britain as it crashed-landed over Dunkirk in may 1940. before it was lost, it was at one point almost certainly flown by squadron leader Roger bushell, later 'big x', who was part of breakout from prisoner of war camp.
Naunihal Singh, 54, woke up great-grandfather and slashed him with knife. attack came after heated argument over couple's lack of children. he was jailed for at least 17 years and 39 days after admitting murder.
£2,000 designer tote bag, hand-made in japan, was a 50th birthday gift. but, when it arrived in the uk, customs officers confiscated it. they said it didn't have the right documentation and it was a protected species. now, Sabine smouha has been handed a victory at the royal courts of justice.
Cleveland's power forward Kevin love dislocated his left shoulder during the first quarter of the first round of the NBA playoffs on sunday. photos appeared to show that love was dragged by the arm by Boston's Kelly Olynyk during the first quarter. the incident occurred after the Celtics missed a 3-pointer.
seven skulls dating back nearly 2,000 years have been found at crossrail site. experts question whether they were part of a gruesome ritual burial. they have been packed neatly into a cooking pot and set off at the side of the historic river Walbrook, in west london. it had been thought that the skulls had been eroded out of a roman cemetery to the north - but new evidence suggests otherwise.
border collies were caught on camera performing a balancing act. using a human as their base, pooches stood up high on their hind legs. owner and trainer dai aoki runs the waterloo, australia-based positive dog care.
furniture dating back to 1820 was moved from the library at Ickworth house. furniture was replaced with four brown leatherette bean bags. move was designed to encourage visitors to ‘dwell and take in the atmosphere’. heritage experts branded the move ‘misguided’.
one in five people have never seen a hedgehog in their gardens. of those who do spot the tiny animals, only a quarter see them often. there are thought to be less than 1 million hedgehogs living in this country.
leah o'brien, 33, was killed when the car she was driving to chaperone the school prom was hit by a vehicle carrying two students also on their way to the dance. her fiancé, alton hines, was waiting for his bride-to-be at her home on the night of Saturday, April 25, when he received a call from her father. 'i just dropped straight to my knees and started to cry,' he said of the night he found
firefighter uses duck quacking ringtone to lure baby mallards out of drain. held pole with phone attached to it as realistic duck noise brings them to safety. all six ducklings were reunited with their mother on a nearby canal.
innovative spherical map of galaxy superclusters is the most complete picture of our cosmic neighbourhood to date. it will help astrophysicists understand how matter is distributed in the universe and provide key insights into dark matter. dark matter accounts for a large majority of the mass content in the universe.
experts believe the hats, or 'pukao', were rolled up ramps to reach the top of the figures which measure up to 40ft (12 metres) tall. the hats are made of red stone and are thought to have been rolled up by a relatively small number of people. some 1,000 carved moai line the perimeter of the 12 mile (25km) volcanic island, which is the most isolated inhabited landmass on earth.
Brenda Finn, 30, was 14 when she was diagnosed with alopecia universalis. woke up one morning to find hair on her pillow and when she scratched her eyebrow it fell out. she suffered from crippling anxiety and depression due to her hair loss. bullying forced her to leave school and she was left with no body hair. her family paid for her to have eyebrows tattooed on on the nhs. she says having the procedure earlier would have made a huge difference to her life.
the company's co-CEO and founder, Steve Ells, has said 'it's relatively easy for us to have all non-GMO ingredients' rice, meat marinades, chips, salsa, and tortillas will not be made with GMOs -- with non-GMO corn, sunflower oil and rice bran oil now featuring as ingredients. last year, the company's sales went up 27.8%, and its stock went up approximately 350% over a five-year period.
selina Dicker, 38, was at the same camp last year when an avalanche killed 16 sherpas who were climbing ahead of her group. miss Dicker was forced to abandon her first attempt on the summit. six helicopters have been flying perilous rescue missions since quake.
Stephen Gilbert was bitten by a dog while campaigning for re-election. he joked that the dog had 'unresolved anger issues' Lib dem insiders today admitted the party is on course to lose at least 20 MPs.
madelyn yensen, 94, of salt lake city, died just after 4pm before her husband passed away at 9.30pm. the couple married on October 17, 1940, only a month after they met when he took a dance lesson from her at a local studio. their son, Byron yensen, said that while it was painful to lose both parents in a single day, it was comforting to know they weren't apart for long.
the model, 51, reveals she carries a pH balance urine tester kit. she believes most ailments come from having an acidic body. an alkaline body can be achieved by eating the right foods and exercising.
jemma gawned, 40, appeared on the first series of the australian big brother in 2001. she was known as the 'lipgloss queen' but now runs a wildly successful raw food empire called Naked treaties. based in Byron bay the brand sells products out of its juice bar while supplying to hundreds of other stores.
myuran sukumaran has pledged to stare down the firing squad who will drag him to a jungle clearing and kill him. that's according to close supporter and artist Ben quilty. he has pledged to fight the death penalty 'with everything I have for the rest of my life' the execution will likely take place in 'death valley' - a clearing on nusakambagan.
82-year-old justice will be part of decision on same-sex marriage. Obergefell v. hodges will be heard from tomorrow. case could legalize gay marriage nationwide.
David curry, 49, had travelled ten miles to visit the wallow pub in northumberland. when he arrived he was told he could not stay in the pub because he was wearing a pair of £40 Adidas trousers. the pub chain has apologised but said a no-tracksuit policy had been in place at the bar since 2013.
police were called to the sheraton in Iowa city around 1.30am on sunday and the intoxicated Sierra pippen was booked. she was arrested at the same place on April 10 for public intoxication after getting into a fight with the hotel's security. police found her outside of the hotel on Sunday smelling of booze and showing signs of intoxication, including impaired speech and loss of balance. she was 'wearing two bar wristbands' even though she is underage, according to
greystone park psychiatric center, in new jersey, was built to house hundreds of mentally ill patients but became known for suicides and rapes. the asylum has been left to fall into disarray, with crumbling walls, flaking plaster and gaping holes in ceilings and staircases. preservationists are battling to save the building and claim it should be turned into a museum and housing.
growing concerns that google's waze application poses a danger to police because of its ability to track their locations. the traffic app allows users to tag the locations of parked police vehicles, accidents, congestion, traffic cameras and more. several police officers say the app is being used to stalk and plan attacks on law enforcement.
ancient civilisations such as the romans, Greeks and Egyptians have had to deal with rowdy, drunken behaviour in public for thousands of years. one academic suggests modern authorities should take a lead from their forebears as they attempt to mitigate impact of boozy culture.
Sharon was over 20st and a size 26 when she went on the business trip. at her heaviest she was forced to stand during the 11-hour flight. she has now slimmed down to 9st 9lb and is a size 10.
Sir Frank kitson, 88, accused in case of Catholic killed by loyalists in 1973. it is first time retired senior officer has been personally sued over the troubles. but he said he was confused as he was not even serving in ni.
J.M. Giordano, a photo editor at the city paper in Baltimore, says he was beaten by police at a protest over the death of Freddie gray. the 41-year-old photographer says he was standing in front of a police line when they suddenly started marching and he couldn't get out of the way fast enough. 'they just swarmed over me,' he said.'my head hit the ground. they were hitting me, then someone pulled
researchers from national Chung hsing university in Taiwan found its shape is determined by two competing groups of proteins. they converted lips into petals in two orchid species by reducing the activity of the 'l' complex using gene silencing. lips attract insect pollinators and serve as a landing platform for them. study extends scientists' understanding of the mechanisms leading to the diverse beauty of orchid flowers.
by 2030 up to 170 million hectares (420 million acres) of forest could be lost. this is equivalent to the combined size of germany, france, spain and portugal. research by the WWF identified 11 'deforestation fronts' where 80 per cent of projected global forest losses by 2030 could occur. the fronts are the amazon, the Atlantic forest and Granchaco, and the Cerrado in south america, thechoco-darien in central america, the Congo
poppy smart, 23, was wolf-whistled at by builders on her walk to work. the marketing co-ordinator said it made her walk to work an 'awful experience' she recorded the constant whistling using her smartphone's video function. she also contacted one of the construction companies to complain of sexual harassment.
Nicola bonn, 34, from london, started a blog called upfront mama. details the trials and tribulations of raising her little girl poppy. one of her blog posts, why we need to stop justifying ourselves, went viral.
undersheriff Tim albin, of the. Tulsa county sheriff's office in Oklahoma, quit his job. comes after new revelations about how the department treated reserve deputy. Robert Bates, 73, shot dead 44-year-old Eric Harris on april 2. video of the killing shows Bates exclaiming that he opened fired by accident.
511 elephant tusks worth $6million (£4m), bound for laos, seized on arrival. bust came after customs officials received tip-off in laos and Thailand. ivory, hidden among tea leaves, was shipped out of Kenya on march 24.
'draft version' of lucrative three-year contract was sitting on james may's desk. but after infamous 'fracas' with producer, offer was taken off the table. the three men had planned to stay on for another three years before quitting 'with dignity' until Clarkson was sensationally sacked last month.
the 37-year-old actress married business consultant Kris Brkljac, who she is hardly ever seen with in public. the walk down the aisle took place on the same weekend as the castle star's 37th birthday.
Rifaat al-Assad, 77, was kicked out of Syria 'with nothing' 30 years ago. he has spent more than 30 years living a life of luxury in france. he has vehemently denied acquiring assets through illegal means.
yves van deven, 37, took a couple of pictures deliberately missing the top of the Eiffel tower in a bid to poke fun at tourist clichés. an upload on photo-sharing website 4chan requested users connect his finger with the top of the tower. since then over 100 photoshopped pictures have sprung up comically connecting his finger with the tip of the famous attraction.
the 41-year-old wore skyscraper heels to cheer on her son. accessorised with a pair of alaa boots, which retail at approximately £1,500.
Ellen gallant, a cardiologist from utah, was attempting to climb mountain. tremors sparked huge avalanche killing 18 people on the world's tallest mountain. four us citizens are confirmed to have died along with 15 other climbers. there are believed to be up to 100 americans still missing following disaster.
an MP passed a dossier of information to the department in 1995. it was in the hope it would kick-start a fresh police investigation. but the paperwork was shelved by officials until it was discovered in 2013. revelation will heighten fears peer was beneficiary of an Establishment cover-up.
scientists from the australian national university and the university of michigan have mapped taste buds on a tongue for the first time. they examined the different cells used to identify taste and watched these cells capture and process molecules live. researchers say the genes were lost after cold Antarctic temperatures interfered with taste perception.
over 300 people gathered at Sydney harbour for a candlelight vigil in front of a huge flower wall reading '#keephopealive' hoards of people congregated to show solidarity for the condemned duo. 'where there's life, there's hope and we will continue to campaign on this until we see that we just can't do this anymore,' said crisis campaigner Diana Sayed.
two-year-old landen martin ran behind the vehicle as his uncle was attempting to back out of the driveway of a gainesville, georgia home. Joshua saunders, 19, was arrested on charges including DUI, reckless driving, leaving the scene of an accident and vehicular homicide. following the accident, Joshua saunders got out the car and saw what happened but left the scene. he was then spotted less than a mile from where the incident occurred by
Christianne Shepherd, seven, and her brother Robert, six, died from carbon monoxide poisoning during a holiday in corfu in 2006. their father Neil Shepherd and his partner Ruth beatson fell into a coma and were close to death when they were found the next morning by a maid, along with the bodies of the children. their mother Sharon wood, 44, sat in silence as the details of her children’s final hours were related to the inquest jury at wakefield coroner
a desperate man has forked out nearly $4000 for a written message in the sky in a bid to seek forgiveness. the aerial apology was followed by a love heart and two crosses for kisses. locals were left scratching their heads after the mysterious message was splashed across the city's clear blue sky on monday afternoon.
Irwin horwitz emailed his strategic management class of about 30 students. he claimed they cheated in class and participated in 'inappropriate conduct' he said he had been called a 'f****** moron' to his face. the university has said that the failing grades he wishes to give out will not hold.
'influencer' and 'blogger' divisions are now being added to modelling agencies' portfolios. 'that line between just being a model is being blurred,' says Vivien's general manager. 'bloggers' and 'influencers' are now being snapped up by agencies.
university of alabama law student Derek Murray accidentally left his headlights on all day. when he returned to his car, he found a note from a stranger who left an extension cord and a battery charger to help him start his car. the note has now gone viral and has been viewed millions of times.
Virginia trimble Ritter's daughter, marcia, was raped and choked to death by jerome Sydney Barrett in 1975. her body was found 33 days after she disappeared and Ritter's then-husband advised her against seeing the body and the crime scene photos. but last year she asked Mickey Miller, metro police lead investigator who worked on the case, if she could see the photos and now says she wants revenge.
Lu Xincai takes his 84-year-old mother to work on the back of his motorbike. he is scared she will get lost if he leaves her at home alone because she suffers from the degenerative disease.
former midwife refuses to defend herself against 77 misconduct charges. they relate to her care and treatment of 14 patients at furness general hospital. panel told she accepts 77 allegations relating to care and treatment of 14 patients between February 2004 and September 2013.
leo greene, 39, of salt lake city has been arrested after crashing through two fences and sprinting from police onto a runway during an eight-minute chase. the events unfolded during a routine traffic stop after airport police tried to stop the car with its bumper dragging. he faces multiple charges including driving under the influence, fleeing and resisting arrest.
jef Rouner said his daughter was forced to cover up with jeans and a t-shirt when she was told that the spaghetti straps of her 'full-length' dress were 'against the rules'
Nicola sturgeon insists she would call the shots in the event of a hung parliament. vowed to use influence of dozens of MPs to get her way for next five years. 'ed miliband can say what he wants right now, but he can't deny reality'.
michael churton, 38, was with four colleagues at the base camp, 17,500ft up, when he was knocked down by the tsunami of snow. he believes the earthquake shook loose a big ice shelf, which careered down the mountainside towards him and a group of people he was with. as the wall of snow approached, he got into the fetal position and hoped for the best. the force hitting his body knocked him into a
veteran scriptwriter for the radio 4 drama, Keri Davies, said that having a divan to hand is vital to make post-coital conversations sound convincing. he added that parties in the fictional ambridge are limited to nine attendees because of budgetary considerations.
the widow of us navy SEAL, Chris Kyle, has given an interview to 20/20's Robin Roberts about her life since her husband's killer, Eddie Ray Routh was convicted of killing him. 'i remember just closing my eyes, the tears rolling down and me just trying to breathe,' said Kyle. she jokes that she never thought she would marry 'a cowboy' but was 'excited' by falling in love with him. 'there you go with your plans again,' she
Ronald jebson was responsible for the 'babes in the woods' murders in 1970. his final wish was for his death to be secret and victims' families only found out 11 days after he died.
billionaire businessman chronicles extravagant lifestyle on photo-sharing site. Toutouni, 42, admits 'it's not that hard to get any girl you want' his outrageous posts have seen him amass 750,000 followers in eight months.
Andrew silicani, 23, of Cheyenne pleaded guilty on Monday in federal court to four counts of using the mail in his unsuccessful plan to hire someone to carry out the murders. 'i think it's fair to say you'll be looking at some time in custody,' judge Nancy Freudenthal told silicani as she advised him of his rights. silicani was serving a five- to seven-year sentence at the state prison in Rawlins for conspiracy to commit robbery and
Kerry and Zarif met Monday for the first time since world powers and Iran sealed a framework agreement on April 2. they now have little more than two months to meet their own deadline of June 30 to sign a comprehensive accord. the Obama administration moved on two fronts today to advance its nuclear diplomacy with Iran, with talks between top u.s. and Iranian diplomats at a conference in new york.
the annual 'Festa dos confederados,' or 'Confederates Party' in Portuguese, takes place in a field flanked on both sides by sugarcane plantations in southeastern sao paulo state. 'it's really important to me to come out every year to remember where we come from,' said 77-year-old alcina tanner coltre.
DVLA is scrapping paper counterpart that accompanies all plastic photocard licences. information about penalty points for traffic violations will be held online. but motoring groups fear the switch to a fully online system will make it more difficult for car hire firms which want to check a motorist’s details. holidaymakers heading abroad will have to log on to DVLA website day before.
Chandni Nigam, 19, spent six years battling demons, an inquest heard. straight-a student was obsessed with doing well at school, inquest heard. she would stay up late studying, resulting in sleep deprivation. this had a negative impact on her performance at school - which caused depression. she even said she would stand in front of a fast train on a Tuesday to take her life. miss Nigam was struck by a train in february last year
dong hui, 22, was diagnosed with bone cancer last month and admitted to hospital. her boyfriend, firefighter Guo kai, has been at her bedside every day. he arranged for professional photographers to come and take pictures.
the lawyer, wife of the Deputy prime minister and mother of three boys, wore a particularly colourful ensemble to a fashion show and award gala in central london tonight. her bright pink, long-sleeved dress was covered in bright blooms at the LDNY fashion show and WIE award gala.
mark lowe, 32, from skelmersdale, pleaded guilty to manslaughter last month. he beat and kicked brother to death after he attacked him with knife. wife Sarah is now looking after three young children alone. she said: '[mark] will regret what he did for the rest of his life'
Streaming music service Spotify believes it has identified the average age of midlife crises at 42. staff analysed data and found users aged around 42 drop their usual playlists in favour of today's chart toppers.
Kim Davies bought the manor where Cecil Frances Alexander wrote all things bright and beautiful. he then made dozens of illegal alterations, including installing a whirlpool bath with shiny mosaic tiles. the 60-year-old also put in inappropriate kitchen fittings and replaced the Grade II-listed house's timber windows with modern ones. he initially denied five charges under the planning (listed buildings and conservation areas) act 1990. but shortly before his trial was scheduled to start he pleaded guilty to
last month, Nasa captured a 17 miles (27km) long iceberg being born in the west Antarctica's getz ice shelf. iceberg B-34 appears to have fractured and moved out into the amundsen sea sometime in mid- to late-February 2015. it is the 34th iceberg from the 'b' quadrant of Antarctica to be tracked by the NIC. as the bergs melt, the addition of cold, fresh water to the saltwater ocean
Sean Jefferson, 45, and Elizabeth Jowitt, 37, pleaded guilty to handling stolen goods. they covered their flat in items that were looted from graves. items included wreaths, lanterns, memorial slates and homemade toys. the couple were given a 47-week curfew and a restraining order.
former doctor Tareq kamleh is still allowed to practice medicine in australia. he appeared in a propaganda video encouraging foreign medics to join a terrorist cult. despite his public support for ISIS, he still remains registered. the medical board of australia has refused to deregister him.
Lynn, from chippenham, suffers from hip dysplasia and scoliosis. when she fell pregnant, she didn't want to take any risks so gave up pain relief. she also stopped taking painkillers for the duration of her pregnancy. healthy libby was delivered via caesarean section.
Royal Baby Gaga ice cream is brainchild of breastfeeding campaigner. 30-year-old mother from Leeds has collaborated with ice-creamery the Licktators. made with donated breast milk - screened in line with hospital standards.
queen letizia and her husband met with the families of some of the 50 Spaniards who died in the crash last month. the royal couple attended a memorial service in Barcelona today to remember those who lost their lives in the crash. the flight, which was en-route from barcelona to dusseldorf, had 144 passengers and six crew members on board.
judge admitted the victim had been'scarred psychologically' by the assault. but he was freed and given a three-year community order on account of an early plea and having spent just two months in jail awaiting his court appearance. a victim support worker said that 'victims deserve justice'.
Ian Rogers, 36, became hooked on all things paranormal as a child. he took part in his first ghost hunt in the year 2000. he has spent hundreds of pounds on the creepy collection.
diplomatic cables sent two days before MH17 crash failed to pass on warning. cables cited incident when Ukrainian air force plane was shot down. german intelligence had repeatedly warned of the risk to aviation security.
the 33-year-old was one of four americans killed when a massive earthquake struck Nepal on Saturday, killing more than 3,700 people. he was given the messages by his girlfriend just before he set off on the expedition. friends have since uploaded a CrowdRise page in his memory, with all the funds going to relief efforts.
the 4-time super bowl winning coach was caught on camera ogling model Chrissy Teigen's derriere at the white house correspondents' dinner on saturday. his longtime girlfriend, Linda holliday, posted a photo of the 'incident' to instagram along with the caption, 'i think i even looked' '@johnlegend let me live,' she tweeted.
police say the woman, a single mother, deliberately locked her children in the basement at around 11pm on saturday. the children spent the next 15 hours without access to food or bathroom. firefighters rescued the three girls and a boy, ages 9 to 13, at around 1.30pm Sunday after one of the children used an emergency-only cellphone to call 911. the woman, a single mother who reportedly works at the Philadelphia international airport, is now facing four counts of endangering the welfare of
Ed miliband today set out plans to scrap stamp duty for most first-time buyers. he also wants to curb rent rises and give local people priority for homes. but he also wants to ban developers hoarding land which could be built on. it is thought the policies contributed to the fall in shares in leading housebuilders.
'you should see the second episode, because she’s a bitch,' said the 36-year-old runner-up on the Howard Stern show. the show is called 'the runner-up,' a reference both to ths election and to his second-place finish in the second season of american Idol. 'i think her self-esteem is just in the floor. under the floor,' he said.
the $39.99 (£26) Nanoheat Wireless Heated Mug is fitted with a rchargeable battery, nanoheater and heat sleeve. it can maintain the temperature of hot drinks at between 68°C and 71°C (155 and 160°F) for up to 45 minutes. this gives you plenty of time to finish the beverage before it gets too cold. the mug weighs a little over one pound (454g) and can be charged wirelessly or using
pm backs royals' choice of private medical care for upcoming birth. he said: 'it's a matter of choice for people - what they use and where they have babies'
sorority housekeeper Fannie Randle was driving to work every day in an old car that was held together with duct tape.'she has so many alumni and so many girls that love her so let's just get her a car,' said former Gamma Phi beta president Alicia jewell.
network rail forced to close track between surbiton and waterloo. chaos ensued after a person was struck by a train during rush hour. several trains and countless staff were stuck at the wrong end of the line. at 9pm delays of up to 30 minutes were still being experienced.
the 29-year-old was set alight at her home in february 2012. she suffered third degree burns to more than 60 per cent of her body. doctors have reconstructed her scorched skin over the past three years. lawyers for the woman who set her alight will argue her 17-year jail sentence was too severe.
the 43-year-old attended an anzac day ceremony in Copenhagen over the weekend. wore purple dress beneath black jacket and striking black millinery. spoke of loneliness in new tv interview.
latest growth figures will be released by the ONS tomorrow morning. experts predict economy will have grown by 0.5% in the first three months of 2015. latest figures showed economy grew by 2.8% in the whole of 2014. but since then official monthly figures have shown a dismal start to 2015.
two cheetahs surrounded the tortoise and attempted to scare it out of its shell. the reptile kept well tucked up inside its tough exterior forcing the big cats to wander off in search of another snack.
an estimated 26,000 people in the uk have HIV but are unaware of it. the testing kit, on sale online, uses a small amount of blood from a finger-prick sample to detect the presence of HIV antibodies.
telecoms watchdogs are to stop a rip-off that allows mobile companies to charge customers to call supposedly free 0800 numbers. currently mobile phone companies charge customers up to 20p a minute to dial what are free numbers from a landline phone. millions of people dialling what should be free services end up paying hefty charges. the charges will end from July 1 under proposals published by the telecoms watchdog, ofcom, today.
the Bali nine ringleaders will face 12 marksmen, with only three of them holding loaded guns, at the stroke of midnight on tuesday. they will be led from their cells in batu prison through the wildly dense tropical forest up a 3km steep winding track. the condemned pair will be given white clothing to wear, which symbolises the afterlife, before beginning their fatal trek. a disturbing recreation of the execution was aired on national television the day before five foreign drug traffickers
Greg hardy was forced to abandon his luxury car in flash floods in Dallas. the 25-year-old was forced to abandon the car until the waters receded. it took the tow truck several hours to successfully remove the car. hardy was suspended for 10 games by the NFL just days ago.
apple sold more than 61 million iphones in the quarter, accounting for more than two-thirds of its $58 billion in revenue for the quarter and the lion's share of its $13.6 billion in profit. sales of iPhones in china were also revealed to have outstripped those in the us.
Angus hawley, 46, died of a suspected heart attack in new york on saturday. he was the ex-husband of actress Antonia kidman, who died in 2007. his brother, David, said: 'it's a real shock, he was one of the fittest men i've ever met – he's swimming everyday' he added: 'he didn't have heart problems that we know of'.